Tim Sackton: You made your way into this
Tim Sackton: strange prison complex by dispelling the
Tim Sackton: bubble that was
Tim Sackton: field around that
Tim Sackton: snuck through the darkness
Tim Sackton: and made telepathic contact
Tim Sackton: with well-being is halfling telepathy with
Tim Sackton: Milo.
Tim Sackton: I'm totally blanking on his name now, Mile Thistle Foot.
Tim Sackton: who had been captured.
Tim Sackton: You have been tracking him.
Tim Sackton: and for kind of
Tim Sackton: simplicity, and
Tim Sackton: just to get things moving, and you had a short conversation with him.
Tim Sackton: I'll use my intro to kind of tell his story, but it's close to the end of the shift, basically. And so he suggests to you that should you
Tim Sackton: wish to, you know, free him and the other halflings, and
Tim Sackton: and Tilly, Brian Hart, who's a spellcaster
Tim Sackton: the thing to do would be to swim up to the
Tim Sackton: up to the like prison cells
Tim Sackton: once the once the thing quite in like half an hour, once it's quiet down for the night.
Tim Sackton: and there you would have a better chance to free them.
Tim Sackton: So I think, unless anybody objects would just assume
Tim Sackton: you. Wait quietly for half an hour.
Mike Sackton: The only thing I wanted to do is go read what's inside the hut.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: right.
Tim Sackton: sow
Tim Sackton: there are no. So you look through with ghostly gaze. Right? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you see, there's this like Scholar Murfolk woman and her 2 bound elementals you're trying to avoid, and they seem to be close, you know, roughly finishing up for the day
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: And they.
Tim Sackton: you know, there's the the Murfrog. Don't have a written language. There's no there's no paper anywhere. The ink doesn't really work underwater what she seems to be sorting is a series of
Tim Sackton: pictographs and mosaics. And so there's like a series of these piled up, piled all around the
Tim Sackton: the room that she's working in that are like these depictions of
Tim Sackton: whirlpools with like strange forms coming out of them. Different colored kind of glyphs that are
Tim Sackton: nothing in a language right? They're like symbols, right? They're like markers of some
Tim Sackton: alien being or something like that. You you you, your eyes of the roomkeeper give you enough insight to to realize that
Tim Sackton: some of these are are depicting names, strange names that you wouldn't know how to pronounce.
Tim Sackton: and they seem to be names of
Tim Sackton: it's hard to know what of actually
Tim Sackton: not people.
Tim Sackton: possibly names of
Tim Sackton: places on wherever this
Tim Sackton: sentient ocean life form came from.
Tim Sackton: but it all seems very alien. And there's nothing written down. There's just these giant
Tim Sackton: like, very carefully pieced together, glued together, large like person sized
Tim Sackton: rock and coral, smooth walls that have these pictographs carved into them.
Mike Sackton: Like a map? Or is it like a story.
Tim Sackton: It's like a story.
Tim Sackton: It's like, it's like.
Tim Sackton: Hi, it's like sort of
Tim Sackton: it's not. It's not complete by any means. It seems. This seems to be like one quarter, one
Tim Sackton: or even less of the full
Tim Sackton: thing which must have been a giant like
Tim Sackton: story sort of shown on a massive wall, or something like that.
Mike Sackton: Like
Mike Sackton: case of graphs, like
Mike Sackton: when you say pictographs, I envision
Mike Sackton: characters. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's like, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Like caught.
Tim Sackton: No, no, it's pictograph. It's like characters, right? It seems to be telling some.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's hard to tell what story it's telling, because it's not like.
Mike Sackton: Can't I read it? If it's if it's
Mike Sackton: pictographs.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I I don't mean it's a it's they're not words. It's literally like, think about like the you know, like painting on a.
Tim Sackton: The sculptures outside of church, or something like that.
Mike Sackton: Okay, okay, that's sorry. When I said characters. I was okay. So I should envision this, you should envision. This is like
Mike Sackton: like Christian iconography to tell a story. Okay?
Tim Sackton: Exactly, except it's weird and alien and.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: James, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And it's hard to piece together what the story is, because it's not complete. But that's basically the. It's. It almost seems like it's they're trying to reconstruct like a temple wall.
Mike Sackton: Right, right.
Tim Sackton: Tells the story of how the sentient ocean got to Talgar
Tim Sackton: Rape.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: with that
Tim Sackton: we turn to Milo's story.
Tim Sackton: underwater, transformed into a half shark creature forced to sort through
Tim Sackton: debris, coral, and rock for fragments of ancient history.
Tim Sackton: Milo thinks back and tells
Tim Sackton: the tale to well be of how it all started.
Tim Sackton: and it started with a journey, as it always does a journey that had been quite a joy. Actually, the storm dancer had left Sadrano early in the spring, over a year ago, now heading south.
Tim Sackton: In a month they were south of Illoria, and 2, sailing through the strange waters of the sea, of storms.
Tim Sackton: dodging
Tim Sackton: wind and rain, and passing Arcane islands dotted with ancient ruins.
Tim Sackton: then months of sailing, strange coastline, seeing the vast gleaming city of gold.
Tim Sackton: islands, of living bridges connected by great vines growing across channels.
Tim Sackton: bustling markets full of the most tempting smells and strange fruits.
Tim Sackton: and by the time they turned north the storm dancer's hold was full of delicacies, and their hearts full of strange tales of the South.
Tim Sackton: but of course no one would ever sail a straight journey back, and they'd already come to the canal
Tim Sackton: by the time they reached the southern parts of Illoria. Again Milo had heard tale of a fallen star in the mangrove swamps on the west coast of Aporia that lit up the lagoons at night, and so, of course.
Tim Sackton: like any good seller in his telling.
Tim Sackton: they went that way.
Tim Sackton: The long western route, instead of the short route to the canal.
Tim Sackton: and it was that long journey that brought
Tim Sackton: sorry hold on
Tim Sackton: That brought
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: storm dancer to the silent sea. The dead calm of the city of Omi and everything that came next.
Tim Sackton: and he was asleep. Mila says, when they hit the doldrums.
Tim Sackton: Tilly was on watch, and
Tim Sackton: we didn't really think anything of it@firstst I mean.
Tim Sackton: everybody encounters strange patches of the ocean here and again, don't they?
Tim Sackton: But it was only when Tilly's magic could not seem to affect the water beneath them at all. That Mila thought. Hmm!
Tim Sackton: There's something worth investigating here.
Tim Sackton: I'm leaving the storm dancer under the command of their 1st mate.
Tim Sackton: Hilly and Milo took a crew of 18 down beneath the sea to explore.
Tim Sackton: Passing through the strange waters and healing the tail of the murfolk.
Tim Sackton: The origin in the garbled conflict with Gazanco and Beruli.
Tim Sackton: he says, as I'm sure you must have experienced.
Tim Sackton: they found the city of Omi beneath them, and sought initially to rescue some Murf folk who looked like they were being forced to dig something out from the bottom of this deep canyon through the sea floor.
Tim Sackton: and maybe learn from that something about what was going on.
Tim Sackton: But.
Tim Sackton: alas! He says, we did not expect an army.
Tim Sackton: I went 15 murf oak.
Tim Sackton: 50 murf oak warriors came streaming out of the kelp forests.
Tim Sackton: There was nothing much we could do. It was a valiant fight, of course, but we're outmatched and made prisoner.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: we were taken past some giant, tentacled creature, a human, squid, hybrid or something
Tim Sackton: not, and through a portal to the plane of water, knowing, not knowing what was coming next.
Tim Sackton: and of course no good adventurer stays captured if they can help it. Kelly used her magic to turn into a giant octopus, hoping, in the confusion to free us.
Tim Sackton: and we would have made it
Tim Sackton: if that terrible tentacled thing hadn't crossed over.
Tim Sackton: knocked us all unconscious.
Tim Sackton: As it was, we lost 7 of our crew, and were transformed into these terrible creatures, unable to speak or use our magic
Tim Sackton: until the transformation ends and brought here. Never since
Tim Sackton: we have sorted rubble trapped.
Tim Sackton: but no longer. Now, thanks to you.
Tim Sackton: as he finishes telling the story. Presumably you are
Tim Sackton: now
Tim Sackton: approaching the cells.
Tim Sackton: you can see this. These structures hidden in this in this complex
Tim Sackton: area. Small things.
Tim Sackton: Locked coral, spiky coral locks. Each one holding 2 of these creatures. There's of these transformed affluence. There seems to be about
Tim Sackton: 13 crew, plus Milo until he left.
Tim Sackton: and of course.
Tim Sackton: Milo points to
Tim Sackton: indicates telepathically which one is
Tim Sackton: Tilly who has her own magic and is the most useful one to free. First.st
Eric Rosenbaum: just gonna look at to spell magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: It probably has a single target. Yeah. One, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Target.
Eric Rosenbaum: One creature one magical effect, if they're all affected by the same spell.
Tim Sackton: No, it's it's the same. It's per. It's 1 creature.
Eric Rosenbaum: I, and I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: fairly short on spell slots.
Kate Sackton: I also.
Eric Rosenbaum: In, the.
Kate Sackton: So magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looks like oh, cool! I could do as many as
Eric Rosenbaum: Thor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's happening.
Eric Rosenbaum: Smashing.
Tim Sackton: Kelly.
Tim Sackton: you'll see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Guest, Nbc. Guest, Npc.
Eric Rosenbaum: Go ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm excited.
Tilly: How are you doing downstairs?
Tilly: What? Hi.
Tilly: Rory? Jason? Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sir!
Tilly: What were you watching?
Tilly: I am here now, what's happening.
Kate Sackton: We're hearing Zachary talk to Aunt Dana.
Tilly: Oh, that's unfortunate!
Tilly: I'm gonna turn my headphones on.
Kate Sackton: We're also trying to bake a bunch of halflings out of some prisons.
Tilly: But that sounds like a good idea. I'm a half blank. What a coincidence!
Tilly: Hey? Cool
Tilly: up here! And then
Tilly: Isaac with him.
Tilly: I got Laura, and I'll let's sort of in.
Tilly: It was tinkling, and there.
Tim Sackton: So.
Tilly: Pass extremely quickly.
Tilly: Yeah.
Tilly: that is our student.
Mike Sackton: I was like. I didn't go on mute for a moment.
Tilly: Sure.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I was just about to say.
Tim Sackton: okay, so what are you doing?
Kate Sackton: Are you seeker? You gonna get Tilly, and then I'll get some others I have like free.
Kate Sackton: I can do. I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: They? They're essentially unguarded.
Tim Sackton: Right now they're completely unguarded. Yes.
Tim Sackton: what is there? The
Tim Sackton: they're protected by the
Tim Sackton: barrier that doesn't let anybody enter or exit.
Kate Sackton: Come up with some alternate way for them to breathe if we dispel magic
Kate Sackton: right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have 2 doses of the.
Eric Rosenbaum: All.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Breathe, water.
Kate Sackton: So we can only actually cast a spell. Magic.
Tim Sackton: Might not want to
Tim Sackton: free all of the halflings until you talk to Tilly and Milo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: And.
Mike Sackton: They're on the other side of the barrier.
Mike Sackton: Okay? Didn't know.
Tim Sackton: So they're in little cells.
Mike Sackton: There, yeah. Okay. Made of the same stuff.
Tim Sackton: No, no, made of coral with like just locks. But while we mean while we can pick a lock.
Mike Sackton: Why are we talking about casting to spell magic.
Tim Sackton: Because they're transformed into half shark people with tentacle arms.
Eric Rosenbaum: We can't really do anything.
Tim Sackton: Can't talk or cast anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: But they can telepathically communicate with well-being.
Tim Sackton: They can telepathically communicate with well-being.
Kate Sackton: We can physically break them out. But we want to gain a spellcaster. So, seeker, do you mind casting spell magic on just Tilly.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I coordinate with Willby to figure out
Eric Rosenbaum: which of the
Eric Rosenbaum: sharky human eyes is the right one.
Eric Rosenbaum: and.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Done, explained.
Eric Rosenbaum: Swim over to the cell and cast
Eric Rosenbaum: to spell magic at. Oh, but I have to pick a level right
Eric Rosenbaum: the middle.
Tim Sackton: Your sense given. How good you are! Archiving magic is. This isn't
Tim Sackton: a super hard effect to spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cast it at 3rd Level.
Tim Sackton: You see
Tim Sackton: shark-like creature in front of you transform into a half-life.
Kate Sackton: Who we quickly hand the potion to.
Tilly: Well, thank you kindly.
Tilly: Oh, yeah, yes.
Tilly: so.
Tim Sackton: They give.
Tilly: Can I.
Tim Sackton: A post.
Tim Sackton: can you.
Tilly: Sorry what
Tilly: I was just gonna say. Can I breathe without the potion, or do I have to drink the potion.
Tim Sackton: No, I think you have to drink the potion.
Tilly: I'm underneath the potion. Then I yeah, it'll take me a bit to test. I do have water breathing, but I can't. It'll take me a bit
Tilly: to ritually cast it, I think. Probably the potion is the 3rd level spouse, probably more valuable than the potion. I don't know.
Tilly: like somewhere else or something.
Tilly: How's that.
Kate Sackton: Drink the potion, because the act of explaining to us that you don't need potion would take longer than you have to breathe.
Tilly: Yeah, that's fair. I'll just take the potion.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're you're underwater.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: so that's not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shark head.
Tim Sackton: You find yourself
Tim Sackton: looking at this?
Tim Sackton: Why doesn't everybody describe themselves? What Tilly sees as the shark creature transforms into a half line.
Eric Rosenbaum: The spellcaster that cast his spell. Magic is a wharf who's swimming somewhat clumsily, with a elaborately braided dark red beard and red cloak, with a white streak down the center of his hair.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, these halfling, dressed all in blues and grays, to sort of blend into the water around with a short bow in one hand, swimming nimbly and and alert and on guard, but also just delighted by the whole thing.
Mike Sackton: Next to the halfling is dealt with. An elf with
Mike Sackton: kind of copper skin and
Mike Sackton: silvery hair
Mike Sackton: tab
Mike Sackton: at a
Mike Sackton: colorful
Mike Sackton: armor.
Mike Sackton: but that's sort of neatly
Mike Sackton: peeking out from under his clothes, not super obvious as armor.
Mike Sackton: and a shield with 2
Mike Sackton: blinks is on it that are looking around kind of curiously the eyes moving like paintings of places, but their eyes are moving.
Mike Sackton: but no obvious.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. The dwarf is also awkwardly swimming wearing some armor and carrying a crossbow
Kate Sackton: her hair braided to
Kate Sackton: suits a aquatic environment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo is swimming or or not even swimming, just kind of like, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: completely chilling like. Looks like just was born in ocean. Right next to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right next to deal with, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no struggle like not treading water. Nothing but is wearing this like it almost looks like a shark skin just this like kind of this cloak, with this like kind of tail on the back, and you see kind of like a bit of his staff like poking out from under his cloak. This is my cloak of the manta ray, but it's otherwise just sitting there totally like silently stealthy.
Tilly: Okay, so they
Tilly: am. I still in a like coral cell, or.
Tim Sackton: I will just assume that while we pick the lock, because.
Tim Sackton: while we can't roll less than a
Tim Sackton: 20 ridiculous on lock picking, so.
Tim Sackton: No, these these locks are not a challenge for wellbeing.
Tilly: Okay, so I'll say,
Tilly: yep.
Tilly: I'll say, yeah, thank you for
Tilly: freeing me. That was
Tilly: quite
Tilly: inconvenient.
Tilly: Whom
Tilly: are you guys, what's what's happening here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, can you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's complicated mostly. We're here to rescue you, though, but
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we probably have to kill a bunch of these people on our way out
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in it.
Tilly: Oh,
Tilly: sorry. So. So we're in the plane of water right now.
Tim Sackton: Yes, you're in the plane of water right now.
Tilly: Okay.
Tilly: yeah.
Tilly: Well.
Tilly: why don't you?
Tilly: Why don't we get
Tilly: Milo! Some
Tilly: help, too, and we can
Tilly: talk a little bit.
Tilly: and
Tilly: I'll say I can
Tilly: break the enchantment if none of you can
Tilly: spare the
Tilly: actually no, I can't. I don't have an arcane focus.
Tim Sackton: One of you has Arcane, or has our Arcane folks.
Tilly: I would say I would normally be able to break the enchantment, but I seem to find myself without a
Tilly: way to channel my magic currently
Tilly: as it was taken from me.
Tilly: But if one of you could free
Tilly: Milo, that would be
Tilly: much obliged.
Tilly: or provide me with a means to cast my magic.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): One of us has to focus right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike Sackton: I forget who.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Pretend it's dealt with. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We, we might have found your focus.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was. Was it a.
Mike Sackton: Ring
Tilly: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Or a necklace.
Tim Sackton: Necklace. It was a crystal on a neck, on a chain.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was a necklace. Yeah.
Tilly: Oh, yeah, that
Tilly: that is mine. That would be
Tilly: pretty useful right now if I could. See that real quick.
Tilly: just pop.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we hand it over.
Tilly: I will
Tilly: cast dispel magic on Milo.
Tim Sackton: Milo, as you cast the spell, Milo
Tim Sackton: much better
Tim Sackton: looks around.
Tim Sackton: thank you, darling.
Tim Sackton: See that you've
Tim Sackton: met these fine folks who have come to rescue us.
Mike Sackton: How has Milo not drowned.
Kate Sackton: Have, we.
Tim Sackton: He is starting to drown. He's like
Tim Sackton: pointing at his throat.
Tim Sackton: A little help, maybe
Tim Sackton: in the next, like 10 seconds would be appreciated.
Tim Sackton: Looking around.
Tilly: All other.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Go ahead, you know.
Tim Sackton: You do have another dose.
Kate Sackton: Or Tilly. Do you have another idea?
Tilly: Well, I mean, I could. I have the spell water breathing? I could also test that. But
Tilly: it's up to.
Tilly: I mean, actually, I
Tilly: let's pick something. I'll just. I'll just castle out everything.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Oh, thank you.
Tim Sackton: Appreciate it.
Tim Sackton: so are we going for revenge
Tim Sackton: that the plan.
Kate Sackton: Think we're going for getting out of here because we have other
Kate Sackton: fish to fry. To make a nautical metaphor, although there are no fish here.
Tilly: Yeah, I don't know what these people's goals are, but
Tilly: you know.
Tilly: I think you know, a little
Tilly: revenge could be
Tilly: nice, if not particularly achievable at the moment.
Tim Sackton: It would be nice to have a sword.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: We want to
Kate Sackton: think.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Dealt with is attuned to yours. Why don't you take mine for the time being?
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'll take any sort from nowhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoops.
Tim Sackton: Much appreciated. That, indeed, is
Tim Sackton: my sword.
Tim Sackton: I am glad to be reunited with it. I
Tim Sackton: was afraid it was gone for good
Tim Sackton: kind of reaches over as if he's about to grab it from you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Priscilla, if he takes that one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Does that mean you're out of sorts.
Mike Sackton: Swords that are useful underwater.
Mike Sackton: That's okay. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: He can take it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't seem to be able to pull weapons out of thin air.
Mike Sackton: I can use this one, I'll just take another one.
Mike Sackton: He pulls another rape. You're out of the air.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's an.
Eric Rosenbaum: Water. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Less
Mike Sackton: useful, but.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: is there still a big tentacle person guarding the portal?
Tim Sackton: How are we gonna get out of here?
Eric Rosenbaum: We we took care of that.
Tilly: My! That's rather impressive.
Tim Sackton: I must say
Tim Sackton: I'm surprised they've not heard tales of you. If that is in your
Tim Sackton: ability.
Mike Sackton: Been in Denmark recently.
Tim Sackton: Not since nearly a year ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: And down south.
Tim Sackton: sailing the tropical blue waters.
Tim Sackton: but not many tails from the north come down there, I must say.
Kate Sackton: Battle tales are a joy to tell at another time, but I think we should
Kate Sackton: create some more.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: we're up for anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: How long before the shifts turn over.
Tim Sackton: Oh, they won't bother us for another
Tim Sackton: 6 h or so.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: long as we keep quiet.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? What are they having you dig up here?
Eric Rosenbaum: Will.
Tim Sackton: Some sort of
Tim Sackton: history
Tim Sackton: looking for pieces of this
Tim Sackton: mural, supposedly, that
Tim Sackton: tells the tale of where the sentient ocean came from.
Tim Sackton: It's like buried beneath the city of Omi. They
Tim Sackton: cut a giant
Tim Sackton: hole there, and are excavating something
Tim Sackton: strange politics of the plane of water. I guess
Tim Sackton: this
Tim Sackton: Guy Baruli.
Tim Sackton: servant of Gozin Coa. Some Kraken creature don't really know for sure.
Tim Sackton: Every now and then they'll
Tim Sackton: message will come back. Say.
Tim Sackton: really wants this work. I'm harder.
Tim Sackton: Seems like a pretty bad guy.
Kate Sackton: Anything we can do to foil Berlin. Gazenko's
Kate Sackton: right up our alley.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the excavation is is over there, right in the.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And actual actual ocean.
Tim Sackton: In the actual years.
Tim Sackton: No, there's no.
Eric Rosenbaum: They keep you locked up here.
Tim Sackton: No seafloor here. You might have noticed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: Just goes down.
Tim Sackton: I think they regular.
Kate Sackton: Her folk dig over there.
Tilly: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Harder to escape.
Tim Sackton: We're over here.
Tim Sackton: That creature guarding the portal, I mean.
Tim Sackton: must admit I'm not prone to despair, but
Tim Sackton: it's looking pretty grim there for a while.
Tilly: We tried to escape once, but it didn't go too well.
Tim Sackton: So that wow!
Tim Sackton: I might have if that creature hadn't come through the portal. You almost had them, Tilly.
Tim Sackton: That giant octopus is not to be messed with.
Mike Sackton: How many other half ones are in here.
Tim Sackton: 13.
Tilly: But they're all sharks.
Kate Sackton: Well, they.
Tim Sackton: Sharks, like.
Kate Sackton: Is sharks for getting out of here as a group? Or do we need to
Kate Sackton: find a way for them to be
Kate Sackton: transformed and breathe.
Tilly: Think it'd be
Tilly: better for them to stay as sharks
Tilly: for the time being.
Kate Sackton: But they're your comrades. So.
Tim Sackton: I think, until we get somewhere safe.
Tim Sackton: Keep them. They'll fight as sharks. We can still talk.
Tim Sackton: It's not like we have weapons to arm them with, anyway.
Tim Sackton: Teeth and tentacles is the best we've got, so.
Kate Sackton: All right. Well, let's free some teeth and tentacles, then.
Tilly: Yeah, just oh, was there one big cell, or like a but.
Tim Sackton: Each other, as well.
Tilly: Else.
Tim Sackton: There's like
Tim Sackton: like 8 little cells, each with like one or 2 people in them.
Tilly: Guy.
Tim Sackton: Now the real trick
Tim Sackton: don't know how to get past this.
Tim Sackton: and Milo points to the like bubble barrier that's behind you.
Tim Sackton: I think you must have a way if you got in.
Kate Sackton: You know, just all magic.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, but it like opened up a little.
Tim Sackton: It opened up a little window for like
Tim Sackton: 15 seconds, and then it closed.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like a modular structure.
Kate Sackton: So need to cast it either at a higher level or we'll have multiple instances, because it's gonna be more than just the 5 of us written through.
Kate Sackton: We made it through the nick of time.
Tim Sackton: They can probably all swim through if they're if you're prepared. I mean, you didn't realize
Tim Sackton: I didn't know it was gonna close the last time.
Kate Sackton: Alright!
Tilly: Yeah. Like, if
Tilly: if we all specifically try and is, Milo doesn't have like a means of like having a swim speed right? He's just like swimming.
Tim Sackton: I mean, he's a pretty decent swimmer.
Tim Sackton: He's been a he's been sailing for
Tim Sackton: 50 years. He's he definitely can swim.
Tim Sackton: and the shot.
Tilly: I can.
Tim Sackton: Swim. It's it's the dwarves and
Tim Sackton: and dealt with that are the slow swimmers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Adam.
Tilly: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Belcasters at the front.
Tilly: Yeah, I think we could probably
Tilly: try and get everyone across in one round.
Tilly: And see where it goes. Cause I think that seems
Tilly: possible
Tilly: to bring here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we need to cover our tracks here, though I mean the guards, the elementals like, if you all just disappear
Tim Sackton: Well, what are you doing next? Because we've got 6 h before anyone noticed we're gone.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Know.
Mike Sackton: Where.
Mike Sackton: Beruleis.
Mike Sackton: you haven't been anywhere except this place, have you.
Tim Sackton: Now.
Tilly: No.
Kate Sackton: Think we've got to go back along the lit path to the guard platform and then follow the
Kate Sackton: jade sense.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we just follow the Jaden's from here?
Kate Sackton: Well, I mean it'll it'll go past there right.
Mike Sackton: Wasn't it a triangle.
Tim Sackton: It's a triangle.
Kate Sackton: Oh!
Tim Sackton: The platform was here. You went often like southeast for one and
Tim Sackton: northwest to the other. So so it's a triangle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now we we should tell
Eric Rosenbaum: these halflings that we have another quest
Eric Rosenbaum: while we're down here.
Tim Sackton: Your unicorn.
Kate Sackton: Began to raise. I mean those elementals that looked like.
Tim Sackton: No, they're hanging. They're still hanging around outside them.
Tim Sackton: Bobby could probably round them up again with a not terrible animal handling check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah. The elemental mounts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): let's do it. Those guys are awesome.
Kate Sackton: Can we multiple? Can we take advantage of them in multiples so that all the
Kate Sackton: sure technical people can come to.
Tilly: The sharks are probably pretty fast. Swimmers.
Tim Sackton: Fast swimmers.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And half things are pretty small.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If we have.
Tim Sackton: Small.
Tilly: I can also swim decently well, but probably not as well as a manta ray.
Mike Sackton: Do you want to?
Mike Sackton: We should probably
Mike Sackton: warn these folks where we're gonna end up
Mike Sackton: when we leave.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Where are we going to end up.
Tilly: That sounds ominous.
Tim Sackton: All.
Mike Sackton: So.
Kate Sackton: Are, we.
Mike Sackton: No no where.
Kate Sackton: You go ahead. Jelly.
Mike Sackton: We're heading towards
Mike Sackton: Ed.
Mike Sackton: Kind of put this.
Mike Sackton: well, it's a it's a city of
Mike Sackton: the people of the Rainbow.
Mike Sackton: But really we're heading to our flying castle.
Mike Sackton: so that we can go to Drankour.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, to stop a
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): stuff. That kind of kind of an evil.
Mike Sackton: Things, you know.
Mike Sackton: But far from.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Situation, wait.
Mike Sackton: Quite far from the sea.
Tim Sackton: No.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thing is, we have a ship. We have a ship that needs a crew.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): because the person in charge of the ship right now.
Mike Sackton: I mean it's a it's a flying castle.
Kate Sackton: Goodbye!
Tim Sackton: My! My last smiles.
Tim Sackton: wow!
Tim Sackton: It sounds like a decent side quest
Tim Sackton: being a flying castle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Aye.
Tim Sackton: So we have to keep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaking of sidequest.
Eric Rosenbaum: did did you mention in your story of how you ended up here
Eric Rosenbaum: might have been a while ago, but a city of
Eric Rosenbaum: gold.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Dead!
Tim Sackton: Where is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hear more about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Hello.
Tim Sackton: Wow! I mean.
Tim Sackton: I could tell tails all night.
Tim Sackton: Maybe we better get outside of this
Tim Sackton: prison first.st
Tim Sackton: but it's quite amazing. So if you fail far enough south, beyond the sea of storms.
Tim Sackton: there's this
Tim Sackton: cluster of tropical islands.
Tim Sackton: peninsulas
Tim Sackton: many of which are.
Tim Sackton: of course, densely vegetated.
Tim Sackton: But there's 1
Tim Sackton: app.
Tim Sackton: I guess that's sort of a rocking. It's not. I wouldn't call it desert
Tim Sackton: dry, maybe Savanna Lake and
Tim Sackton: rising. It sticks out on this narrow spit of land, and rising above the ocean from all directions. Well, most directions that you can see
Tim Sackton: is this towering city.
Tim Sackton: It's built in 3 concentric layers that rise up each higher from the other one, and each layer is surrounded by its own wall that's coated in
Tim Sackton: well from a distance. Anyway, it seems like pure gold.
Tilly: Impressive sights.
Tim Sackton: It shines for miles.
Tim Sackton: At 8
Tim Sackton: it was quite the place to see
Tim Sackton: from the top
Tim Sackton: tries as
Tim Sackton: many hundreds of feet above this peninsula you can see for
Tim Sackton: miles in all directions.
Tim Sackton: Watch the bird soar.
Tim Sackton: You can hear the
Tim Sackton: monkeys calling from the distant jungle.
Mike Sackton: Anybody live there.
Tim Sackton: Oh, of course, all sorts of people.
Tim Sackton: anybody you could imagine lives there.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're saying you've been inside the city.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes, I mean halflings
Tim Sackton: dwarves.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if there's any alves there.
Tim Sackton: Gnomes! Have you ever met a gnome.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think we have
Eric Rosenbaum: a hole.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Tim Sackton: Lizard folk.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the name of this city.
Tim Sackton: well.
Tim Sackton: And you have to ask about names. Hold on! I have it somewhere
Tim Sackton: the the
Tim Sackton: the people there call it Takano.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I'd love to learn more, but, as you as you say.
Eric Rosenbaum: we should probably figure out more the gate concern.
Tilly: Agreed.
Tim Sackton: So how are we getting to this flying Castle
Tim Sackton: just out of curiosity? I mean.
Tim Sackton: I don't like to plan too much, but for my crew, you know, having a
Tim Sackton: a little bit of an idea of what we're getting into. Just so I can, you know, motivate them.
Tim Sackton: Keep the morale up before we
Tim Sackton: swim off and.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a bed.
Tim Sackton: Endless.
Tim Sackton: the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim, I'm trying to remember the limitations of the Rainbow Bridge.
Tim Sackton: None. Really, you can use it once, only once per week.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's.
Tim Sackton: Lasts until you close it.
Tim Sackton: It goes straight to Vintosharna.
Tim Sackton: Anybody can cross it
Tim Sackton: halflink, human monster.
Tim Sackton: but of course they'll be fighting at a substantial disadvantage when they're suddenly teleported to dry land.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: So we could easily enough use that
Eric Rosenbaum: to move everybody over.
Tim Sackton: That's about your only choice, because teleport doesn't work across planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ray.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think they don't bridge.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Before we go back on this rainbow bridge there is one stop we do have to make first.st
Tilly: Where would that be?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just a detail.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Will be gestures vaguely into the
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dark and endless water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Tilly: Yes, yes, yes, I see exactly. That's very enlightening.
Tim Sackton: I'm not opposed
Tim Sackton: to swimming off into the darkness with no
Tim Sackton: particular knowledge of what I'm swimming towards. Exactly.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: Why.
Kate Sackton: Well, you mentioned revenge, and what we need is the source of Burly's connection to the rest, to the other plane and all of his control.
Kate Sackton: So when we take what we want, which is ours
Kate Sackton: really suffers greatly.
Kate Sackton: You don't like Brewly. So
Kate Sackton: win-win.
Tilly: Sure.
Tim Sackton: I can get behind that. Telly. What do you think.
Tilly: Seems logical enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a great way to put everything.
Tim Sackton: Do you know where this is by any chance.
Kate Sackton: Are esteemed Kenzo.
Kate Sackton: Gonna lead the way.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: and like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Definitely, know.
Tim Sackton: What are we getting getting into here.
Kate Sackton: Well, it is his most prized possession, so probably a big fight.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Safe, but.
Mike Sackton: What happened to smash and grab
Mike Sackton: 5.
Tim Sackton: Great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: Big smash and grab, minimize, fight.
Mike Sackton: Do we have any way of warning? The folks on Ginger Shara
Mike Sackton: does sending work across planes.
Tim Sackton: does it? That's a good question. Somebody could look up the spell.
Tilly: It has a 5% chance. It doesn't arrive if it's across planes.
Tilly: So 95 of the time it does. But you won't know whether or not it arrives. I guess you will, because they won't be able to respond. Yeah, so I guess you will.
Tilly: So probably. But maybe not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think it's fair to ask them where they are, and to get ready for a fight.
Mike Sackton: That's kind of what I was thinking is because the smash, I mean I'd rather fight these folks on Vintosharna than in their way.
Tilly: That's for sure. True.
Mike Sackton: But we might wanna warn the folks that we're coming.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That seems wise.
Kate Sackton: Alright!
Mike Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: prepare the defenses.
Mike Sackton: etc.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: Prepare the defenses. We're coming home soon, and we might be bringing a fight to with us
Kate Sackton: along those lines. Yep.
Kate Sackton: the right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you're casting Sunday.
Kate Sackton: Testing, sending to my
Kate Sackton: mentor, Mentee Accolade
Kate Sackton: Wharf.
Tim Sackton: So let's see, you get a response back.
Tim Sackton: Bad
Tim Sackton: travelling over the desert now.
Tim Sackton: about a day from Uzbekar.
Tim Sackton: ready for anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice good attitude.
Tim Sackton: Well, you send it to
Tim Sackton: Kathara. Not
Tim Sackton: fog, Jack, so.
Kate Sackton: You know how Catherine is feeling about it? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Patrick would probably say, I can come and get you right now.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So.
Kate Sackton: So what is the plan?
Kate Sackton: All the shark people out of the cages? Everybody threw a dispel magic gap in the bubble.
Kate Sackton: Get ourselves some manta rays and manta elemental
Kate Sackton: big phrase, Yeah.
Kate Sackton: let's start doing those things.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you get out.
Tim Sackton: Everybody flies quickly.
Tim Sackton: swims quickly, moving through.
Kate Sackton: I'll use a spell slot of mine, or was, or did Tilly cast the spell? Magic.
Tilly: I could.
Tilly: I don't know how many resources it took for you to
Tilly: fight through whatever you did.
Tilly: but I'm pretty.
Tim Sackton: It took.
Tim Sackton: Chili can do it. But the question now is, do you want to go as quickly as you can, or try and find a place to rest.
Tim Sackton: Things that you are aware of is that you did not kill all of the
Tim Sackton: Murfoke on the portal, and certainly you didn't kill all of the Murfoke, and, O me!
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: at some point Baruli will be warned
Tim Sackton: of your existence.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa!
Tim Sackton: How soon is not entirely clear. It's probably been
Tim Sackton: 2 h now since you left the portal platform. It's not. This work complex is only like an hour away. So
Tim Sackton: And you are moving fast on your manta rays.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo does not have a sense of how exactly, how far away the jade is, except that it's
Tim Sackton: I mean, it's not like a mile.
Tim Sackton: It's not a hundred miles.
Tim Sackton: It's some journey.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the resolution on my sensing Tim.
Tim Sackton: It's very precise.
Tim Sackton: directionally. It's pretty vague in terms of distance.
Tim Sackton: right? So it's like.
Tim Sackton: it's like you think it's like
Tim Sackton: 10 to 80 miles away. Something like that. But you don't really have much better resolution than that.
Tim Sackton: But you have a very precise
Tim Sackton: compass point.
Mike Sackton: How bad off is seeker and Brisbane in terms of spousal, I mean
Mike Sackton: a long rest. Seems kind of tricky.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I don't think
Kate Sackton: short rest shouldn't do me any good, and we don't have time for a long rest. Is my strategic yeah
Kate Sackton: opinion.
Mike Sackton: Then we also recently short rest, della.
Kate Sackton: Recent, for it rested. So yeah.
Tim Sackton: Recently. Shortwest. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Rest! I
Mike Sackton: doesn't do me anything, either.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm a little low on spill slots.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim. Do. I have like some trick that can recover one spell slot at least.
Tim Sackton: You have to attune to your pro of power.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, did it.
Tim Sackton: It's only up to level 3, though it's not a
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: not just anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So I'm pretty depleted.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do have this
Eric Rosenbaum: idea
Eric Rosenbaum: of using the binding stone to try to cast magic circle which would prevent protect us from elementals.
Eric Rosenbaum: but not clear if that's even a major threat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, when we can't remember.
Mike Sackton: The Magics.
Eric Rosenbaum: That'd be if we wanted to rest. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But I think resting the chicken resting isn't that we're going to get attacked? It's that baroque. We'll set up defenses.
Kate Sackton: At least it's not. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And chair.
Eric Rosenbaum: We should get a move on.
Mike Sackton: I think we just go.
Tilly: I'll cast. Tilly will cast the Spa magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, great!
Tilly: I have all my spell slots
Tilly: so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Well, you're 2 3, rd 2 3rd level slots now.
Tilly: Well, now, I don't have them, but I had all of them when you rescued me, but.
Tim Sackton: True.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so we have no idea
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: while we're swimming into you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, just like no idea.
Mike Sackton: Crash!
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, can we learn or do any kind of reconnaissance clairvoyance like anything to give us like, you know, even like the tiniest sense of what is in the dark beyond.
Tim Sackton: Do you have some time to discuss as you
Tim Sackton: as you swim? I mean.
Tim Sackton: you know you're at least 10 miles out.
Tim Sackton: and your jade sense will warn you when you're within 10 miles of the jade.
Tim Sackton: So you've got some amount of time, unclear. Exactly how much time
Tim Sackton: 2
Tim Sackton: talk as you swim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But can we? Is there like some kind of any kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is, yeah, actually, Tim, commune with nature, like, what's going on? Or is there any other, any other animal life or other? Any.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's get some eye out here.
Tim Sackton: So so you already.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As we go.
Tim Sackton: Nature once. I think use. There's a way you can use it again. But what is the.
Tilly: I could do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're free.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: really do it.
Tilly: Also
Tilly: another thing that could theoretically be done by someone who has
Tilly: potentially more
Tilly: resources left. But
Tilly: I don't know. Yeah, how you do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should do you. You should do it because I I have to do it like by ritual once a day, and then I have to spend key otherwise, and I'll.
Tim Sackton: Right or right.
Tilly: I would, still I would still want to cast it as a ritual, though.
Tim Sackton: But you can do that as you're writing on the back of a of a manta ray. Oh.
Tim Sackton: yeah,
Tim Sackton: right. I think it's you need to spend 4 key to do it again. Kong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But can I short rest while we're
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: while we're, I guess, traveling the thing.
Tim Sackton: It's like riding on horseback. I don't think you can really short rest when you're riding on horseback.
Tim Sackton: but if you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of a.
Tim Sackton: Way to to like hook up a like a cart or something that could be pulled. Then you could probably short rest. But basically you're writing. Think of it! Like riding on horseback.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do! Have we short rushes since we lasted stuff.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Remember that you also have the feature.
Tim Sackton: yeah, exactly. As long as there's a cart you can rest
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Proof DED.
Tim Sackton: Kong, you also have a feature that I don't think you've ever used but once per once per day, when you roll initiative. You can get all your key back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? Oh, so I can spend some. Now then.
Tim Sackton: So you can spend key now, and it doesn't matter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
Tilly: Still, it's there's no disadvantage at all. I don't suffer anything for doing it. I can just cast it as a ritual, so there's no, there's no reason for you to do it like I don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They want.
Tilly: Resources. I just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Why don't? Why don't you do that? Yeah. Why don't you do that?
Tilly: All right, I'll yeah. I'll I'll cast commune with nature while we're writing. Also.
Tilly: Is it dark like you said, everything's just water. Water's kind of dark.
Tim Sackton: It's very.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Tilly: Okay. So I can't really see that. Well.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tilly: I don't have dark fishing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Now, so far, all the inhabited platforms that you've seen have been lit in various ways, but just swimming through the deepness of the ocean is extremely dark.
Tilly: All right. I'll just. I can still cast communion with nature, though, so I don't really care. I'm just going to trust the trust. The manta ray. Elemental thing.
Tilly: Yeah, so neat.
Tilly: I'll cast commune with nature. I'll start ritually casting commune with nature.
Tim Sackton: Is there any.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there any like as we go
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: into the darkness? Is there any signs of life.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So so as you as you travel once you get some distance away, like maybe the 1st hour is is quite dark, and it feels
Tim Sackton: it feels like you're swimming through this sort of oppressive
Tim Sackton: area. But as you get further away from this, the portal and the work complex. Now, it feels like, so you're you're traveling now through.
Tim Sackton: so basically, the geometry of this area, as far as you know, it is, the portal's like the bottom of a triangle. The work complex is up from the portal
Tim Sackton: to the south.
Tim Sackton: The jade is up from the portal to the north, so you're now traveling like diagonally above the portal, like higher in the ocean kind of a little bit away up, away from like
Tim Sackton: Buruli zone.
Tim Sackton: And as you get further up and further away from this sort of area, you do start seeing these, you know, occasional signs of life like you pass
Tim Sackton: school of these tiny, glowing, phosphorescent fish that dart past you, illuminating the water with their bodies, and actually sort of swimming in these synchronized movements, kind of almost like dancing as they drift past you, creating this like swirling pattern in the
Tim Sackton: in the water that contrasts with the surrounding darkness, flashing not just like you know one color, but greens and yellows.
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: as you do this till he finishes the commune with nature ritual.
Tilly: We're trying to think what modes I should pick.
Tilly: What have you been going with
Tilly: for a Communist nature? You get to pick 3 of the.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo
Tim Sackton: doesn't read spell. So usually just goes with, tell me what's interesting around here.
Tim Sackton: But if you want to know specific stuff that's awesome. Usually like powerful creatures and influence from other planes of existence.
Tilly: I'm just going to take the bottom. 3 modes. So powerful
Tilly: celestials, fauffines, elementals, are undead in the area
Tilly: influence from other planes of existence in the area and buildings in the area.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: so.
Tilly: But that's
Tilly: only within. That's only within 3 miles, so there could just be none within 3 miles of us.
Tim Sackton: And it's but you also get sort of a vague sort of sense of
Tim Sackton: the further surroundings. Right?
Tim Sackton: So you get from this commute as you as Tilly as you reach out, and you sort of stretch your senses to this water and connect with the ocean.
Tim Sackton: you you feel actually, yeah, you're sort of traveling here as you head up through.
Tim Sackton: You've now been traveling maybe 2 or 3 h through the edge of Baruli's terrain. You actually sort of feel like you're almost on the
Tim Sackton: on the edge of down below you, in the depths. There's it feels dark and closed, and there's very little life around. Further up above you. You sense that there's
Tim Sackton: elementals, that there's more of these schools of fish that there's just kind of more life above you
Tim Sackton: and ahead.
Tim Sackton: You feel this sort of impingement on the ocean still some distance away outside the range of the spouse, and you can't tell exactly what it is, but some structure is done. You're definitely heading towards the structure.
Tilly: Okay. Well, I'll just
Tilly: keep. I mean, it's rich. It's a ritual cast, so I can just keep pinging every like half an hour.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tilly: Just. I'll just keep Trigger triggering the radar every. Just put the same 3 modes every like half hour or so.
Tilly: I just like keep in a like meditative ritual stance.
Tilly: So to me.
Tim Sackton: I'll just
Tim Sackton: yep.
Tilly: So I'll just generally know if anything
Tilly: like a powerful elemental gets close, or if we get within 3 miles of where we're trying to go, or well of a building
Tilly: could be anywhere. But probably the nearest building is where we're trying to go.
Tim Sackton: Anybody else doing anything while you swim through the ocean.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm keeping a keen lookout
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): whatever that's worth
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in a notion of darkness.
Tim Sackton: So you travel another couple of hours. You sense Tilly, after another few hours of travel, something
Tim Sackton: extremely powerful and
Tim Sackton: strange and alien below you, and well be, you see, just
Tim Sackton: gliding below you, this uncaring, not noticing you not paying attention.
Tim Sackton: this vast, shadowy creature, its massive form barely visible in the darkness below you.
Tim Sackton: It must be 2, 300 feet long as it swims with this
Tim Sackton: slow, deliberate grace through the water below you completely undisturbed and unaware of your presence.
Tim Sackton: just
Tim Sackton: passing quietly through the depths every now, occasionally it's staring down well, but you see, like
Tim Sackton: a fin
Tim Sackton: giant, thin, like
Tim Sackton: 30 feet across.
Tim Sackton: just gently flapping.
Tim Sackton: This creature seems to be propelled by more than just 2 may 4, or 6 sets of fins along the side of its body.
Tim Sackton: each like 2030 feet long, and that you see one sort of flicks up to within maybe 60 feet of you, and you can see this sort of just vaguely in the darkness, this intricate pattern of
Tim Sackton: white and gray modeling that stretches down along the spin.
Tim Sackton: And then suddenly the creature dives
Tim Sackton: swimming deeper below you.
Tim Sackton: and as it dies as it comes close, you see this massive tail
Tim Sackton: 50 feet across.
Tim Sackton: maybe longer hard to judge size, but
Tim Sackton: bigger than all the manta rays put together, bigger than your little group.
Tim Sackton: just flick gracefully in the water as it begins to drift down deeper.
Eric Rosenbaum: Test.
Kate Sackton: That's the tale to say. We've seen.
Tilly: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Imagine the tales that thing could tell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we make friends with it, and have it be our sea companion to our airship.
Tilly: It's probably.
Tim Sackton: And your airship, but
Tim Sackton: doesn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
Tim Sackton: Interested in speaking with you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is the ocean ship that we always wanted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like the the ocean friend that we always wanted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe it would swallow you if you
Eric Rosenbaum: made yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like it's like, isn't it? Isn't it, Pinocchio? Where they like you get swallowed by the whale, and then you end up in its stomach, and there's a whole.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the Bible. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the Bible
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: primarily Pinocchio, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean both really equally.
Tim Sackton: Another couple of hours pass.
Tim Sackton: You must have been traveling for
Tim Sackton: maybe 6 h now.
Tim Sackton: When, Kenzo, you suddenly sense like something shifts in your sense of the jade.
Tim Sackton: and you think you must be getting close
Tim Sackton: within 10 miles or so.
Tilly: Do I sense any buildings yet, or still too far away for that.
Tim Sackton: Still too far away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hi, tim!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The the signature thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where is it now?
Tim Sackton: God, like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, I'll just I just.
Tim Sackton: Swam deep. It swam down.
Tim Sackton: I mean, unless you want to chase that
Tim Sackton: which I assumed you didn't want to do. But maybe you do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I want to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: not talk to it, but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cause, you know I can like kind of track
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: consciousness of, like the souls of kind of different beings. I just want to kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, like as we're as we're going. Just kind of keep a keep a track on it, and just get us. Is it swimming away from us?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I was swimming away from
Tim Sackton: it passed underneath you, and then it turned to go deep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
Kate Sackton: Since we're just Chitter chattering as a group on the journey, I'll mention that, given the resources we've already spent, the only
Kate Sackton: we're planning to smash and grab. But we don't have a particularly
Kate Sackton: well-defined version of that. If it does involve
Kate Sackton: biting and casting spells.
Kate Sackton: I've just been holding on to my big one, because I've been a you know.
Kate Sackton: where there was
Kate Sackton: a major goal ahead, so I might be bringing in a a new friend.
Kate Sackton: Celestial
Kate Sackton: Buddy.
Kate Sackton: The battle. We happen to have to have one.
Tim Sackton: Keep in mind that conjure. Celestial has a 1 min casting time, so you probably want to do it
Tim Sackton: like when you approach.
Tim Sackton: So that the Celestial is there ready for you to ready to help you.
Kate Sackton: Well, then, maybe I should do that
Kate Sackton: as we are approaching.
Tim Sackton: Well, right. I mean you'll get. You'll get a a warning from Tilly when you're within 3 miles.
Tilly: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Which might be a reasonable.
Tilly: Time to cast it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, maybe wait a little bit after that.
Tilly: How long does it last.
Tim Sackton: An hour.
Tilly: Okay, yeah, probably a little closer.
Tim Sackton: Than you're going faster. You're going like 5 miles an hour on the manta rays.
Tilly: But still probably want to get a little closer than 3 away.
Tilly: Do.
Mike Sackton: Do we have any idea what's up ahead other than I mean? We don't know if this is a city or
Mike Sackton: solitary base, or anything right.
Tilly: Well, we should get a feel for it once it's within range of commune with nature.
Tilly: we should be able to tell a little better what it is
Tilly: right, because it can give it can give general layout.
Tilly: So. But right now, yeah, we have no idea.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Let's keep going.
Tilly: Yeah.
Tilly: I think, yeah, I think we just keep going and keep
Tilly: commuting.
Tim Sackton: Sorry I'm reading cure. The
Tim Sackton: converse celestial.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: The thing. So this is very complicated. The thing to do is summon a coato, which is like.
Kate Sackton: Having a coatle and have it. Yes.
Tilly: That's that's what I told her. That's what I said.
Kate Sackton: I've been advised.
Tilly: When I told her to pick the spell. That's what I told her to do.
Kate Sackton: Cause that.
Tilly: Like Guadalcan.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is it?
Kate Sackton: Just supposed to quietly make me look good. Sorry, so.
Tilly: Sorry, but.
Tim Sackton: Then.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Tim Sackton: Kwan.
Eric Rosenbaum: All the crap.
Tim Sackton: Class.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: This is gonna be very complicated to run. That's okay.
Tim Sackton: Wop, wop don't have high level parties.
Tim Sackton: So about an hour later, a bit less.
Tilly: Wattle can scry.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, and cast greater restoration.
Tim Sackton: It's very.
Tilly: Pretty good.
Tim Sackton: about
Tim Sackton: maybe just under 2, like an hour and a half later.
Tim Sackton: you're you now are passing through
Tim Sackton: the ocean begins to feel. Maybe an hour later the ocean begins to feel cold and dark again, and you stop seeing these little schools of fish. You stop seeing
Tim Sackton: like you'll pass these like floating webs of like coral that have
Tim Sackton: like eels growing around them with just a massive floating coral reef
Tim Sackton: no longer, and Tilly, your sense your commune with nature triggers, that there is some sort of structure just about 3 miles ahead. So about a about a half an hour swim on the manta rays.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: A structure. You said.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: We have any additional details.
Mike Sackton: One structure, 25 structures.
Tilly: Yeah, can I?
Tilly: Once we think we're getting close, can I? Instead of sensing, where is it? Instead of sensing?
Tilly: The powerful!
Tilly: Instead of sensing
Tilly: the influence from other planes of existence can I sense terrain?
Tilly: So I get like a better scan. So terrain and buildings. So it's like a more.
Tim Sackton: So once you sense the building exists, you can hone in on its on its
Tim Sackton: on it the structure itself, and gain 3 facts about the structure.
Tilly: Okay, what are.
Tim Sackton: So you fact that there's that there's
Tim Sackton: that there's like 1 1 big structure and
Tim Sackton: a half dozen little things around it.
Tim Sackton: there is not. They are relatively
Tim Sackton: densely inhabited. But this is not a city.
Tim Sackton: and it seems like at least a good fraction of the inhabitants are currently.
Tim Sackton: you know, at rest as best you can tell
Tim Sackton: And there is
Tim Sackton: powerful magic at the center of the structure.
Tilly: Well, that seems like what we're looking for.
Tilly: What's what's what are we? What's the plan here?
Tilly: I don't still don't really know why you guys wanted to come over here. So
Tilly: you know, I feel like
Tilly: you guys are gonna be need to be the ones to make up a
Tilly: bit of a plan here.
Tim Sackton: So you're now
Tim Sackton: like maybe 2, 3, 2 to 3 miles away from this structure that you can sense Kenza. You can feel the jade now
Tim Sackton: impinging strongly on your consciousness. It's it's, you know, 2 miles away. You can feel, you can imagine in your minds
Tim Sackton: I exactly work
Tim Sackton: where it is
Tim Sackton: You could swim straight to it, and you can sense exactly how far away it is now that you're this close. But of course you have no sense of the area around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, communicate the location. Everyone. Now that we're closer, is there magic or other means that we can use to just cause if I can like. Kind of know pretty precisely where it is in 2 miles. Can we like?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do clairvoyance or some other method, just just to see exactly where it is. Take a look.
Eric Rosenbaum: Clairvoyance has a range of one mile.
Tilly: If someone was cold.
Tilly: Peace up! Sorry you you finish.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could try extending the range with my glove of crystallized man.
Tim Sackton: Could double the range.
Tilly: 2 miles.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that would be useful.
Mike Sackton: You almost have slots, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, let me look, where is clairvoyance in the 3rd levels here? 3.rd Oh, I don't have. I'm out of.
Tim Sackton: You'd have to use a your well, you still got your 6th and your 7th level slot, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. But it's presumably we're gonna like, fight something.
Tilly: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: 6th or 7, th with clairvoyance, that seems.
Mike Sackton: Do you not have fourths, or do not have any 4.th
Tim Sackton: You could use a 4th for clairvoyance.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have 1 4, th
Eric Rosenbaum: no man.
Mike Sackton: Combat is only 3 rounds, so you don't, only you only need 2 spell slots for for combat.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: That 3.
Mike Sackton: Like to have 3, but
Mike Sackton: 2 is pretty good, is what I'm saying. That's 2 thirds of the combat.
Eric Rosenbaum: The 3rd round I just go in with my fists. Yeah,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or or we don't do any clairvoyance, and we just wing it.
Mike Sackton: No, no, I think clairvoyance is working.
Eric Rosenbaum: It does seem.
Eric Rosenbaum: it does seem worth doing.
Tim Sackton: Why don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: And look.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can. I can extend one glove charge to
Eric Rosenbaum: double the range. Yeah.
Tilly: The
Tilly: have you guys met
Tilly: Warlock guy? What's his name? Again, Breuli, before.
Kate Sackton: Oh, so we can't scry.
Tilly: Yeah, I was. Gonna say, the Quadl can cast scry
Tilly: if you summon it.
Eric Rosenbaum: But has it met, anyway?
Tim Sackton: I I mean, you can still attempt to scry, even if you just have have the best person. It just has a higher chance of failing.
Tilly: They have like a plus 10 to the save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Path.
Mike Sackton: I would guess that was
Mike Sackton: plus 11 is better.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I will use my 4th last 4th Level spell slot to cast clairvoyance
Eric Rosenbaum: and use one charge from the love of crystallized magic to double the range
Eric Rosenbaum: of the spell.
Tim Sackton: So you're putting the clairvoyance precisely where Kenzo tells you the jade is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, that's a good question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I get us? We don't know anything else spatially about what's going on. I think that must be our best option.
Eric Rosenbaum: because, even like a little above it, or something, isn't that meaningful in the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, maybe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: maybe not exactly where it is. But maybe yeah, like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what do we all think above, below and front, behind.
Kate Sackton: A meter shifted away from in some direction that is meaningless in the plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, yeah, Tim, how far like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is from our current, like line of swimming? I guess we're swimming directly to it. That is it like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are we swimming
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: deeper into the ocean as we're swimming? Are we swimming.
Tim Sackton: You've now leveled out. So you are swimming like, yeah, you are swimming like
Tim Sackton: I guess, slightly slightly up.
Tim Sackton: But now you've leveled out, and the jade is like directly straight ahead from you.
Tim Sackton: I'll gotten him.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so I use the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How about? How about Eric? Like a meter in front of it, like like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're swimming towards it. Then with the clairvoyance, then a meter to the actual date.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, wait a week. And yeah.
Tim Sackton: Your sensor appears in a
Tim Sackton: bubbling whirlwind of water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy!
Tim Sackton: You can catch flickers of what's on the other side.
Tim Sackton: what you see sort of. So the clairvoyant sensor itself is like, clearly right in the middle of some whirling whirlpool of water.
Tim Sackton: which is surrounded at jade.
Mike Sackton: It's with everyone.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's too close, damn
Eric Rosenbaum: or 2.
Kate Sackton: Far, depending.
Tim Sackton: But you can still see through the water
Tim Sackton: what you see.
Tim Sackton: Well, you can see through the water in one direction you can see.
Tim Sackton: you can see towards you. You can't see
Tim Sackton: through the water in the opposite direction. You can see that you can turn the eye right so you can see the jade.
Tim Sackton: and you can see. So the 1st thing you see is in the middle of the whirlpool is
Tim Sackton: I'm
Tim Sackton: the the jade itself
Tim Sackton: is sat.
Tim Sackton: It's it's slowly spinning in the middle of this whirlpool, and it's on a train. Strange twisted shell that seems to almost be vibrating slightly.
Tim Sackton: And if you
Tim Sackton: briefly switch to hearing, you can hear that it's vibrating with this strange eerie sound and your arcane
Tim Sackton: actually go ahead and make an arcana check.
Tim Sackton: I guess you have a very high role. But let's just see how well you roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a normal role.
Eric Rosenbaum: or is it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, not not with advantage, because you're not using the goggles.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So an 18.
Eric Rosenbaum: There! It's.
Tim Sackton: It's a it's a strange sound. It's a
Tim Sackton: it's like a weird, eerie echo of the plane itself, somehow.
Tim Sackton: And it's like slowly turning on this like
Tim Sackton: on this shell.
Eric Rosenbaum: The seashell.
Tim Sackton: It's like a seashell. Yeah,
Eric Rosenbaum: What? What does the jade fragment itself look like? What shape is the one that we're after? I guess they're all fingers or no.
Tim Sackton: they're all basically a finger and a part of the hand.
Tim Sackton: So it's just they're all just long, thin pieces of jade.
Tim Sackton: and each one as as you
Tim Sackton: right like. It's if you just if you just drew a line.
Tim Sackton: Like
Tim Sackton: there, there, there, right so it's just a long. It's just a thin, long, thin piece of jade
Tim Sackton: and it's it's sort of embedded in the top of this shell.
Tim Sackton: Looking through the whirlpool in the opposite direction. So back towards you.
Tim Sackton: You can see what looks like
Tim Sackton: large chamber.
Tim Sackton: The interior. The floor looks like it's made of
Tim Sackton: like bones.
Tim Sackton: It almost looks like the in like a rib cage the inside of a rib cage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I love that.
Tim Sackton: And you're looking out
Tim Sackton: at what must be. You think the jaw of this creature
Tim Sackton: if it's a creature, anyway, the jaw, it looks like you're looking out through a jaw, and there's
Tim Sackton: a pair of doors.
Tim Sackton: and then there's like these jagged sort of bone spikes that have been made to stretch to make a barrier, but you can still see through it, and you can see
Tim Sackton: like through this sort of barrier of of
Tim Sackton: spiky bones and coral stretches out into the open.
Tim Sackton: In your field of view you can see 4 murfolk guards.
Tim Sackton: but are standing around the door.
Tim Sackton: They don't seem. I mean. They look maybe a little tired. They don't seem
Tim Sackton: doesn't seem like they're super on alert. They seem to be watching something that's happening
Tim Sackton: on the far side of the whirlpool that you can't see.
Tim Sackton: But they're sort of leaning casually, kind of leaning on their trident kind of watching somebody or something that's happening
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: beyond the whirlpool from from where you are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Zoom in, on the reflection their eyeballs and enhance.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thing happened, so I listened for a minute
Eric Rosenbaum: in case there are any
Eric Rosenbaum: events occurring that make sound.
Tim Sackton: Make a perception, check.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Tim Sackton: The noise of the whirlpool itself is quite loud, and it's hard to hear much other than the eerie sound of the
Tim Sackton: of the
Tim Sackton: shell. The jade is mounted on although you do hear like vaguely what sounds like some kind of chant
Tim Sackton: or prayer
Tim Sackton: coming nearby from somebody who must be standing quite close to the whirlpool.
Tim Sackton: but not that you can see. So, standing on the far side of the whirlpool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did we eat?
Eric Rosenbaum: Not in character, do we?
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody say something about a ritual in progress?
Eric Rosenbaum: I can remember something like that, but it might, if I might be remembering a different episode of our game.
Tim Sackton: That was. That was when you fought the vampire. You interrupted a ritual in progress.
Tim Sackton: Tara.
Eric Rosenbaum: Different story.
Tim Sackton: Different. Story, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would they be chanting about.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you don't understand the language. It could be just the way that Murfic language sounds.
Tim Sackton: It sounds kind of sing song like a prayer. But who knows? Maybe it's a
Tim Sackton: you know the brewly giving his breakfast order to a servant, for all you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think we're going to get our wish to go into the belly of the beast.
Kate Sackton: That's really since.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tilly: I will point out that that wasn't particularly our wish, but I guess we're along for the ride.
Tim Sackton: Mila says.
Tim Sackton: well, you know.
Tim Sackton: any sort of adventure is fine by me. Just
Tim Sackton: he turns and looks over to the crew.
Tim Sackton: Just hang back. Folks
Tim Sackton: stay out of danger as best you can. And how are we gonna know when it's time to go to your
Tim Sackton: Shep
Tim Sackton: in the sky, in a desert, on another plane, with magic.
Kate Sackton: Well be! Do you do like a group
Kate Sackton: happling? Shout.
Mike Sackton: It
Mike Sackton: isn't the Rainbow Bridge quite visible.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's a it's a huge bridge made of a rainbow. It's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you haven't seen anything like it before.
Mike Sackton: Just get on it when you see the bridge made of rainbows.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're going to want to go as quickly as you can, because probably something else is going to follow us trying to kill us. So
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): we should also post.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sending back to the ship to have other.
Mike Sackton: Get that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We have casters there with spell magic to be ready to UN
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fish these housewives.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, cause they're gonna arrive as fish.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we did.
Eric Rosenbaum: I knew we should.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Going to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Lunch.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sit for them.
Eric Rosenbaum: I knew we should have made a whole bunch of water helmets.
Eric Rosenbaum: Damn.
Tim Sackton: Well, if the ship has actually made it to Uzbekar, there is a river.
Tim Sackton: but they could. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dive in. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that would buy us a little time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Water, fresh water can be a problem.
Kate Sackton: Are any of our
Kate Sackton: crew casters.
Tim Sackton: Fogrek.
Kate Sackton: Altrick, but I think.
Tim Sackton: Project might have to spell magic. Oh, no, he's not strong enough to have to spell magic because he's an.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the moon.
Tim Sackton: So he doesn't have.
Kate Sackton: That's what I thought.
Eric Rosenbaum: Big pool on the deck.
Kate Sackton: I can also be at the ready, but.
Tilly: Yeah, yeah, I mean, they probably won't
Tilly: like most things can still hold their breath
Tilly: like if
Tilly: I bet it works the same as people who can't breathe water being submerged in water like they can probably hold their breath for a minute.
Mike Sackton: Here, guys, Ricky.
Kate Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: Are we getting a little ahead of ourselves.
Kate Sackton: But we just.
Tilly: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Go home to die.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If we could have been prepared it would have been good. But we can't be. So. That's okay.
Tilly: Yeah, let's just.
Eric Rosenbaum: That when we get there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Maybe.
Tilly: I mean, is it.
Kate Sackton: That there's a river is the best that we can do to be prepared in this case.
Kate Sackton: Good.
Kate Sackton: We'll fish you out of the river and unmute and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ahead.
Kate Sackton: Spell magic.
Kate Sackton: If you can
Kate Sackton: jump in the river.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: back to the belly of the bees thing for a sec?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And is this, is it like the same thing, the same thing, the same kind of pieces that we saw earlier.
Eric Rosenbaum: No way to know.
Tim Sackton: You've only seen the inside. It's hard to say.
Kate Sackton: Wouldn't Tillie Sense have mentioned if it was a live creature as opposed to phones a dead creature.
Tim Sackton: If it were alive you would know until.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Kate Sackton: So it's just the architectural feature of having used the bones of this thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lullaby, a cart.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could be literally a carcass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's it's the evil leviathan.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Evil Leviathan Fortress Base.
Kate Sackton: This.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hampshire.
Kate Sackton: Trash and grab. This isn't exactly a glass case.
Kate Sackton: I haven't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool situation.
Kate Sackton: Same strategies you want to discuss in advance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nishand.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does the whirlpool sort of remind me magically of any effects we've seen or things I've read about.
Tim Sackton: I mean from the sound it seems quite super strong.
Kate Sackton: I could try still control watering it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: That worked with the other really strong
Kate Sackton: current.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could try telekinesis, saying it also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as rise, and has been really getting reconstructed. I mean, if he does like also at some level. Maybe this is true. No true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ham wants to be a hand right? It's a kind of it's like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, it's a it's a magical, fucking hand, you know. I mean, it's like, it's like, it's kinda
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, is it? Is it like a, you know?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like, Yeah, is it like, you know, once you get it close enough, like, is it just gonna like step out of the thing and just be like, Oh, my, you know, or like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know.
Tim Sackton: You don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Aye.
Kate Sackton: I mean
Kate Sackton: the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know if it's exactly like that. But I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have some weird intuition. I just need to get close. I need to get close to it with the pieces, and it's not like I can shove the staff through the water wall, but.
Mike Sackton: How
Mike Sackton: big was the space that the
Mike Sackton: clairvoyance I was in.
Tim Sackton: What do you mean?
Tim Sackton: That? Yeah. But.
Mike Sackton: Surrounded by something right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's a clear space
Tim Sackton: that's maybe
Tim Sackton: 5 to 10. There's like a 10 foot across quick, clear space in the middle of a 5 foot diameter whirlpool.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: But did the waters seem calm in the middle.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's common in the middle.
Kate Sackton: I can't control water. If I have up someone's celestial because they're both concentration.
Mike Sackton: And how big is the Rainbow Bridge.
Tim Sackton: It's like 10 feet wide and infinite feet long.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: That's an action to Summit. By the way, just keep that in mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where is the
Eric Rosenbaum: specs for that thing? I couldn't quickly find it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it I? I didn't see on the character sheet or until Garbers, but it must be on one of those 2 things somewhere.
Tim Sackton: I think it's called Planner Prism. It's on here here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it is on television. It's not called Rainbow Bridge. It's.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I should.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It's the Planar prism creates a rainbow bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Search didn't hit
Eric Rosenbaum: that
Eric Rosenbaum: Grace in there. Okay? And who else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here, and.
Kate Sackton: Much as I'm excited about having a celestial aid to our endeavors. If I have, if the only way we can get the jade is to disrupt the water. I don't know.
Mike Sackton: I mean that.
Kate Sackton: Save my concentration, for that I should strategize differently.
Mike Sackton: I think we'll be okay.
Kate Sackton: Do we? You think we'll have another idea in the moment.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there's always good old misty step
Mike Sackton: that is enough.
Kate Sackton: Their idea.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: Well, then, I'm gonna since we're probably a mile away, or less
Kate Sackton: point.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you're you're a mile away. At this point you're
Tim Sackton: your
Tim Sackton: 15 min swim from the entrance.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: so I am going to
Kate Sackton: some in a friendly celestial
Kate Sackton: to join us
Kate Sackton: and
Kate Sackton: immediately. As this
Kate Sackton: desert quaddle appears in the plane of water, advise it to
Kate Sackton: shift to
Kate Sackton: something that breathes water, plesiosaur, or something.
Eric Rosenbaum: It starts out as a big, colorful bird that would have waddled.
Tilly: Yeah, it can turn.
Tilly: It's like a snake with wings.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Tilly: But it can turn into a plesiosaur
Tilly: or a two-headed plesiosaur.
Eric Rosenbaum: Start.
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds good.
Tim Sackton: Plesiosaurus seems pretty good.
Tilly: Or a walrus.
Kate Sackton: I like plesiosaur.
Kate Sackton: I advised Yup on, on the on the plesiosaur form.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ice.
Tim Sackton: And that's an action to polymorph, right? So it can. If you want it to cast a spell, it can just shift back.
Tim Sackton: pass the spell and then shift back again, because that's takes only 18 seconds.
Tilly: How long does bless last cause it can cast that I think.
Mike Sackton: A minute.
Tim Sackton: It lasts a minute.
Tilly: Oh, so that's not really a setup before we go in and spell.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: are we, gonna
Mike Sackton: are we going for smash and grab here?
Mike Sackton: We actually trying this, not trying killing brewly to start. Just grab the thing and get out.
Kate Sackton: I mean, if that doesn't break
Kate Sackton: Tilly and
Kate Sackton: Milo's heart, let's just probably raise the chance of survival by slightly less revenge
Kate Sackton: because we're we are taking his favorite thing.
Tilly: Yes, that will be
Tilly: perfectly acceptable.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, good!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's gonna follow us, probably right?
Kate Sackton: Put in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try.
Tim Sackton: What is this milest as what does this thing do again
Tim Sackton: that we're taking.
Kate Sackton: So I think that the reason that it's in a seashell making a sound is that it's what he uses to connect
Kate Sackton: the plane of water to the
Kate Sackton: Oh, our ocean!
Tim Sackton: So are you saying, if you take this thing, his like stupid little excavation site is destroyed.
Tim Sackton: and he can't.
Tim Sackton: find whatever he's looking for.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Home.
Tim Sackton: Hey? That sounds like revenge to me.
Tilly: Agreed.
Kate Sackton: I mean, unfortunately, any more folk who are stuck on this side serving him are stuck on the side serving him.
Kate Sackton: but we can't really
Kate Sackton: handle. Help with that collateral damage.
Mike Sackton: So my smashing plan was to
Mike Sackton: wait. Can any of us trigger the Rainbow Bridge.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think it's
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, really.
Mike Sackton: It is a.
Tim Sackton: Bum
Tim Sackton: anybody can. Anybody can trigger it to
Tim Sackton: tune it to send it back to vendor. Sharma.
Tim Sackton: You have to be attuned to it. I don't think this is necessarily clear from the description, but the intention is that anybody who's holding the planner prism
Tim Sackton: and create a bridge to Vintosharna if you want to use it to create a bridge
Tim Sackton: from Vintrasana to somewhere else. You have to be attuned to the faces.
Mike Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Action.
Mike Sackton: Here's my smash plan.
Mike Sackton: Has some visibility.
Mike Sackton: Get close.
Mike Sackton: misty step. Point of prison done.
Mike Sackton: I believe the Rainbow Bridge is big enough
Mike Sackton: that it'll span in and out of the world.
Mike Sackton: Is that true?
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Innocent.
Eric Rosenbaum: Care.
Mike Sackton: In other words, if dealt with, took the present. Missy stepped into the middle of the whirlpool.
Mike Sackton: grabbed the jade, and stepped on the the prism
Mike Sackton: right.
Kate Sackton: You take someone with you when you misty step? Is it like teleport.
Mike Sackton: Question is.
Kate Sackton: Like totally incapacitates you, or something.
Mike Sackton: Touching the jade totally incapacitates. Deal with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, bob.
Mike Sackton: Guys have to some problems to solve.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like it's possible to get Kenzo through it. That would be most ideal.
Kate Sackton: But you don't yet miss a step.
Tilly: I can.
Tilly: maybe.
Tilly: What's the way to make sure?
Tilly: There
Tilly: I I have a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Spell, spot for dimension.
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, you'd have to use a six-level slot. But then you're really useless in combat. If you have to fight.
Eric Rosenbaum: But this is the whole idea. We're not going to have a combat. There is no combat.
Mike Sackton: I'll probably.
Tilly: Let's get.
Mike Sackton: Happen? Well, no. Okay. What's gonna happen is Baruli's gonna touch the rainbow bridge and we're gonna fight in vintage sharp.
Mike Sackton: Presumably
Mike Sackton: we're not gonna all get out right.
Mike Sackton: He's.
Tilly: Julie, A. Murfolk.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tilly: Okay, then, fighting him and not the water, should be not that
Tilly: difficult? Hopefully.
Eric Rosenbaum: Unless he has
Eric Rosenbaum: a water, water helmet.
Mike Sackton: Also, there's no evidence. We don't have any evidence that Merfol can't breathe air, do we?
Tilly: No, but they probably can't.
Tilly: They don't have feet right. They just have a tail
Tilly: like they can't. They look really.
Tim Sackton: Calgary Murfog aren't.
Tim Sackton: aren't mythical, Murphy. They have.
Tilly: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Their move. Speed on land is slow, but they have 2 legs. They just have long flippers. They'd be like 25 foot speed on land.
Tim Sackton: and your mom. Our characters know that Murphy can talk out of water because he spoke to one out of the water.
Tim Sackton: But these characters don't know that.
Tilly: Would it.
Kate Sackton: Didn't.
Tilly: And tip.
Kate Sackton: Talk to the guy on the island who was.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's true!
Kate Sackton: Careful.
Tim Sackton: Yes, so you know that merfolk both can walk on land and breathe air.
Tilly: Which is probably enough to mean that it's pretty similar.
Mike Sackton: There's a huge advantage in fighting on Vintosharna. We can do all kinds of useful things on Vintosharna.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have friends there.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tilly: We should, we should just we should just go.
Mike Sackton: M.
Mike Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo, I don't have any good way of getting you past the role.
Tilly: I can.
Mike Sackton: And door.
Tilly: Can get myself past the whirlpool
Tilly: with. I have a my wand, my my necklace has a teleporty thing.
Kate Sackton: Who have done.
Tilly: It's only me.
Kate Sackton: You're a rescue backup.
Tilly: so it's not particularly useful for that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we're on about a fair way to get Kenzo in there. He's got the staff. He's got the other pieces of the jade. It's going to be like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but we don't.
Mike Sackton: Have any?
Mike Sackton: Do we have any evidence that, like the jade, is actively difficult to
Mike Sackton: manipulate?
Kate Sackton: I'm not worried about the jade. I'm worried about the singing seashell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what is that thing?
Kate Sackton: Like there's some sort of complicated magic in doing some sort of interplanar thing in there.
Kate Sackton: so I don't know. It's probably not toxic, but I'm just
Kate Sackton: spinning. What ifs
Kate Sackton: so that we have ideas
Kate Sackton: so no one's like? Oh, it never occurred to me the
Kate Sackton: thinking seashell would shock deal with into a
Kate Sackton: come up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so options of getting through dimension door, misty step.
Eric Rosenbaum: A teleport.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have teleport.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't.
Tim Sackton: Can, but you would have to roll your
Tim Sackton: percentile dying. You could end up a hundred miles away from here.
Kate Sackton: I mean, I like Delwith's plan. I just want to have a backup.
Kate Sackton: which I think is Tilly going in to rescue, dealt with, if dealt with, is somehow incapacitated.
Kate Sackton: But we know the clairvoyant sensor isn't still up.
Tim Sackton: And out.
Kate Sackton: See through the world.
Tim Sackton: You probably can't see
Tim Sackton: from the outside, based on the clairvoyant sensor. You probably cannot see from the outside of world the whirlpool to the inside of the whirlpool.
Kate Sackton: We have our group chat, teleport up our telepathy up so that.
Tim Sackton: You can have your telepathy up.
Tilly: I don't know if I can teleport to a point I can't see.
Tim Sackton: Yes, it's like misty step. You can teleport anywhere.
Tilly: Okay.
Tilly: Thanks.
Eric Rosenbaum: If there's something I've viewed once I can teleport with over 25%
Eric Rosenbaum: chance of it being going perfectly. So it's.
Tilly: Pretty good.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no misty step is a place, an unoccupied place. You can see.
Tilly: So.
Tim Sackton: Going to help you.
Tilly: We might just be in trouble if we can't see through the whirlpool.
Tilly: What if someone just like sticks their head through the whirlpool like, what's the worst I could app.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that's literally what I'm gonna do. I'm just gonna.
Tilly: Like. Come on, let's just
Tilly: let's just head over there, and just like swim into the whirlpool. It can't be that bad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cold water that can stop the whirlpool.
Kate Sackton: Well, I gave up controlled water. I mean, I can drop. I can drop the celestial.
Tilly: Control water.
Kate Sackton: Oh, you have control water! Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting, I think.
Tilly: I do let me check if it's.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tilly: Yeah, I do.
Tim Sackton: You do!
Tilly: It's for free well, not for free, but I ought to prepare it.
Tilly: because I'm a sea Druid.
Kate Sackton: Awesome. Well, then.
Kate Sackton: then, I don't have to fret about my concentration
Kate Sackton: pleasure to meet you.
Tilly: I mean as a Druid. I exclusively have concentration spells, but
Tilly: I could cast control water
Tilly: kind of the problem with Druids
Tilly: for now.
Tilly: But I mean I have other spells. That's kind of an exaggeration. But
Tilly: what is control here? Let me check with control. But yes, I could do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who wants to just plow forward.
Tilly: I think we should just go and see what happens.
Kate Sackton: Being, in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I.
Kate Sackton: A charge in with a smash and grab plan. So now our smash and grab plan is control water and shove. Shove Kenzo in through the hole.
Tilly: Yeah, that's a great idea. Let's go.
Tilly: Yeah.
Tilly: The plan's done. Now we can stop talking about it.
Tim Sackton: So you swim closer.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yet.
Tim Sackton: Until you see
Tim Sackton: lit up in front of you
Tim Sackton: this white.
Tim Sackton: stark.
Tim Sackton: bone structure of a giant 300 foot long.
Tim Sackton: leviathan creature, dead, just floating in the ocean.
Tim Sackton: its mouth gaping wide open.
Tim Sackton: Clearly looking into this room that you saw, and probably many more. Beyond.
Tim Sackton: Floating around this creature are
Tim Sackton: 4 or 5,
Tim Sackton: like small sort of structures that seem to be
Tim Sackton: just from the distance. Now you're still in the sort of edge of darkness looking into this lit area. So until you move, you're maybe
Tim Sackton: 400 feet from the creature. Until you move closer you are.
Tim Sackton: You're in the darkness. You would not be easy to see.
Tim Sackton: There's it's early. It seems like it's early, relatively early morning. There's some signs of
Tim Sackton: activity, but nothing.
Tim Sackton: There's clearly like people around guards and things starting to stir, but not
Tim Sackton: This.
Tim Sackton: the the
Tim Sackton: temple fortress, whatever the structure is, does not seem to be on high, alert.
Tim Sackton: You do see?
Tim Sackton: A couple of more folk
Tim Sackton: sort of
Tim Sackton: swimming, hanging out, patrolling around the entrance to the mouth.
Mike Sackton: And all that stuff
Mike Sackton: oops.
Tim Sackton: and you see in some distance about
Tim Sackton: 50 60, you know more than that, like
Tim Sackton: 100 feet away, like far on the other like middle of the
Tim Sackton: of the leviathan skeleton, what looks like a a patrol
Tim Sackton: of
Tim Sackton: 6 more folks sort of
Tim Sackton: swimming slowly, sort of peering into the darkness like patrolling the edge of the lit area
Tim Sackton: you still probably have about.
Tim Sackton: They're not moving quickly. You still probably have, like 5 min
Tim Sackton: before they would be in a position to see you.
Mike Sackton: I'll be right back. Guys.
Tilly: Oh, wow! That's a
Tilly: so you said we were like, 400 feet away.
Tilly: Yeah, from where the light starts.
Tim Sackton: From. You're 400 feet away from the mouth.
Tim Sackton: You're about 10 feet away. You're just like 10 or 15 people.
Tilly: We're barely on the edge of the light. Okay.
Tilly: can I?
Tilly: So can we can see it decently. Well, can I do a
Tilly: quick scan to see if I can pick out like individual figures swimming around, or, like, you know.
Tilly: just try and.
Tim Sackton: Just looking.
Tilly: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean, okay, sure. Make a perception check.
Tilly: I just I just want to look. Might as well.
Tilly: I want to just get a general feel for like.
Tilly: you know, if I can see anybody like individual people's
Tilly: at
Tilly: 24.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, you see. So there's there's the patrol that's swimming in your direction that has 6 merfolk. There are
Tim Sackton: 4 murf oak
Tim Sackton: in the
Tim Sackton: sort of standing guard near the near the mouth entrance to
Tim Sackton: that are kind of swimming just outside the mouth, and 2 that are look like they're seated or resting just inside the mouth.
Tilly: How like big is the mouse
Tilly: like.
Tim Sackton: It's like 40 feet wide.
Tilly: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Open eye sockets, or a blowhole like other apertures.
Tim Sackton: There are open eye sockets in the top of the like in the roof of the mouth
Tim Sackton: that you could approach from
Tim Sackton: There do not seem to be any other openings. It seems like it's been like
Tim Sackton: the but the rest beyond the mouth itself.
Tim Sackton: The rest of the skeleton has been filled in with stone and coral and
Tim Sackton: fragments of of bleached
Tim Sackton: material to make a complete sealed interior, with no obvious well, at least from here that you can see obvious other entrances or exits besides the mouth.
Eric Rosenbaum: What if we approach from
Eric Rosenbaum: above?
Eric Rosenbaum: Came straight down through one of the eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Tilly: Hmm! Not my work.
Tim Sackton: You could certainly try that.
Tilly: Sorry, see? So you said, like
Tilly: like 6 ish inside the mouth. From what I can see.
Tim Sackton: 2 swimming outside the mouth, 2 inside the mouth.
Tim Sackton: Sex in a patrol that seems to be.
Tilly: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: Perimeter around the
Tim Sackton: like the 400 foot radius where the light begins to fade.
Tilly: So, yeah, if we can get in, then the 2 that are most likely to see us are just the ones inside the mouth, and we could probably take out 2 pretty quick and quiet if we have to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did I see evidence of the inside view of the eye sockets from the clairvoyant or no.
Tim Sackton: They would have been on the other side of those doors that you saw.
Tim Sackton: So when you were like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looking out from the.
Tim Sackton: Buoyance. There was a pair of doors and the
Tim Sackton: the like rubble, sharp
Tim Sackton: coral wall that separated the the job, the mouth from the
Tim Sackton: Throne room, or whatever it was.
Tilly: About.
Tim Sackton: Jingle.
Tilly: How
Tilly: so you said the Dorbs and Dell with are swimming slower than
Tilly: other people like about like how fast and around.
Tim Sackton: Well, at the moment you're still mounted on your manta rays, so you can still swim 40 feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like the faster swimmers can probably
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): get in there quick
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and take out the guards by the time slower swimmers get there.
Tilly: Yeah.
Tilly: but like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like it.
Tilly: Without a mail.
Mike Sackton: 2 right.
Tilly: 2 guards in the mouth. There are only 2. There are others around, so we'd have to take them out quietly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, we see.
Tilly: Otherwise.
Eric Rosenbaum: Figures are outside the the room with, Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Or Murphy.
Tilly: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Inside the room, too.
Mike Sackton: There, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And more that we couldn't see that were chanting.
Kate Sackton: But the mounts can bring us right to the eye sockets right like. We don't have to abandon them early.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep. Yep.
Tilly: They probably don't want to go into combat, though, like How
Tilly: how like friendly are they like.
Kate Sackton: But it's as long as they like. Let us off right by the eye socket. We can go in the hole ourselves.
Tilly: Yeah, that's fair.
Kate Sackton: It won't be slow approaching the hole is what I'm saying.
Tilly: Yeah, we won't spend a lot of time out of the open.
Tim Sackton: So the mounts are not the
Tim Sackton: swimming on a lot, you know, swimming quickly on a large large mantra is not going to be like
Tim Sackton: super quiet.
Mike Sackton: That's the main risk is
Mike Sackton: disturbances, right?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tilly: Penzo and I
Tilly: to
Tilly: how many people actually have a swim speed?
Tilly: Well, I'll be in jail.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo. I'll be Kenzo Tilly.
Tilly: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Milo, Wellbe, Kenzo, Tilly, all can have swim speeds.
Tilly: so.
Kate Sackton: And the pleasisor.
Tim Sackton: And the plesiosaur.
Tilly: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Can you ride the police? You saw.
Tilly: I don't know if that.
Kate Sackton: I agree.
Tim Sackton: So, and.
Tilly: And know if that'd be quieter than a mantra.
Mike Sackton: Louisiana is not gonna be quiet at all.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tilly: Yeah.
Tilly: I think we should
Tilly: tryin. So you said the 6. The one that was 6 murfolk is a patrol that's circling around.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tilly: Should
Tim Sackton: Other activity. So like the the creature, the skeleton creature is like floating above what seems like
Tim Sackton: 5 sort of little.
Tim Sackton: Well, not very little, but like there's clearly like guard quarters.
Tim Sackton: kitchens, and stuff kind of below floating below the
Tim Sackton: the creature. And it's like floating in this above it. So there's some activity
Tim Sackton: below. There's definitely
Tim Sackton: more than 10 merfolk on the outside of this thing. But most of the rest of the activity seems to be
Tim Sackton: people who are sort of just waking up, and like they're not act. They're not armed and actively on patrol.
Tilly: Are there? How
Tilly: common
Tilly: like would it be
Tilly: like from from below? If we could be completely on top of the manta rays?
Tilly: Would there be like a reason to like raise the alarm if they saw
Tilly: some manta rays going above.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to know. I mean the mantra. You did take these manta rays from a merfolk
Tim Sackton: pen. They're clearly the equivalent of horses. You you didn't.
Tilly: Kelly doesn't know that.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Tilly: I don't know where you got these things.
Tim Sackton: But, like I, you have no idea if, like
Tim Sackton: people are only expected here at certain times of day, and they would be like.
Tim Sackton: oh, you're early!
Tim Sackton: What's wrong? Or, if like, it would be not surprising at all like
Tim Sackton: you just don't have a sense.
Tilly: We we don't really know.
Tilly: Cause I was thinking the eyes are like on top. If people wouldn't be suspicious, we could just swim over the whole thing
Tilly: and jump off.
Tilly: but I don't know if that's
Tilly: I think it'd probably be better to try and go fast than to and like hope nobody, and just kind of hope nobody sees us than to
Tilly: try and like look natural. Cause. I feel like that's too much of a risk. But
Tilly: I don't know.
Tilly: I like going in through the eye sockets. I'm just trying to think of how we would accomplish it.
Kate Sackton: Heading fast for the eye sockets, and hoping for the best, seems
Kate Sackton: roughly the best.
Mike Sackton: And then the pleasisor to be down below, and then can it transform into something small and slip away
Mike Sackton: and come back to us.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it can transform.
Mike Sackton: Why doesn't it make a distraction?
Mike Sackton: Have it swim at the.
Tilly: R-.
Mike Sackton: One of the.
Tilly: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Groups on the when it's on the back side, as far away from us as possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go!
Kate Sackton: Sure.
Kate Sackton: Just stay, please, or I do that, or
Kate Sackton: be well, yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean it would be good to escape and come back to us.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: it can handle complicated planning.
Tilly: What's what's the fastest thing it can turn into. Now, I gotta look this up. I gotta look at. This
Tilly: might just be the police user. The police are, I think, as a swimsuit of
Tilly: 40 feet.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so tell me what you're doing.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna cast my C invisible just as an aside.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: That lasts an hour.
Tilly: You could turn into an octopus.
Tilly: you could. The the giant octopus can camouflage.
Tilly: and also
Tilly: can swim it for 60 feet.
Tilly: so it can
Tilly: distract people and then swim away really fast.
Tilly: and it can ink cloud.
Mike Sackton: There you go!
Kate Sackton: The store becomes octopus, comes back to us as a either, a pleasisor, as an octopus, whatever.
Tilly: It doesn't have like a limited use on
Tilly: no like how many times it can transform just keeps doing it. See? I think, turning to turn
Tilly: turns into a giant octopus
Tilly: swims around, and just like bothers, a bunch of guards like what the heck is an octopus doing here cause also Tilly turned into an octopus
Tilly: when they tried to escape. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Tilly: That was how they how we got out of our cage.
Mike Sackton: Good plan.
Tilly: So
Tilly: it'll they'll be like, maybe they'll be like, what? What's happening? And then it can swim away, swim away really fast
Tilly: because it can go 60 feet is probably faster than where folk can swim.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, from what you've.
Tilly: And.
Tim Sackton: Served.
Tilly: Alright. I think that sounds good, so we can just like lead them around the back or something, and then we can go in.
Tilly: That's not that all right. That's that sounds like a plan. We'll see that.
Kate Sackton: Are we doing that.
Tilly: Sounds good.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so where are you all gonna be?
Mike Sackton: We're we're we're on. The Metro is to towards the top.
Tilly: I think we should wait. Just wait in the darkness.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. And then we make a dash.
Tilly: Yeah, we wait in the darkness.
Mike Sackton: Swim as fast as we can on demand.
Tilly: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Like with the eyes.
Tilly: Yeah. Exactly.
Tim Sackton: Sal.
Tim Sackton: All this happens.
Tim Sackton: Few minutes later you send
Tim Sackton: the plesiosaur out to turn into an octopus.
Tilly: I mean, there's probably no reason to just send it out. It's probably just send it out as an octopus. There's not really a reason to wait.
Kate Sackton: The dark and.
Tim Sackton: The octopus emerges
Tim Sackton: near where the patrol is
Tim Sackton: that the idea.
Tilly: Yeah, like, emerges near where the patrol is, and then
Tilly: goes hopefully out, swims the patrol, and like faints into the mouth
Tilly: so that we can hopefully pick up some of the guards from the mouth
Tilly: and then swims out and like around to the back.
Tilly: So the goal is to take the the patrol, and then as many guards from the mouth as we can towards the back of the Leviathan.
Tim Sackton: So the
Tim Sackton: so the octopus
Tim Sackton: swim appears, and you see
Tim Sackton: The patrol begin to move towards that
Tim Sackton: Somewhat surprised, one of them looks back, and sort of.
Tim Sackton: you know, raises a hand kind of as a signal, and the 2 guards
Tim Sackton: that are
Tim Sackton: inside the mouth.
Tim Sackton: swim out
Tim Sackton: towards the octopus which then inks
Tim Sackton: creating this huge black cloud, and everybody looks around
Tim Sackton: slightly confused. You can see
Tim Sackton: one of the 2 guards that was inside.
Tim Sackton: swims forward slightly, and is now at the front of the
Tim Sackton: of the mouth, kind of looking out into the darkness where the ink
Tim Sackton: was, and you can now see
Tim Sackton: the you like. Catch a glimpse of the octopus just darting towards the back.
Tim Sackton: There's
Tim Sackton: 4 of the guards are just lost in the ink, and 2 of them come out and see it, and point
Tim Sackton: and gesture, and the 2 guards that were swimming out from the mouth.
Tim Sackton: and these 2 guards now begin to curve around the side of the
Tim Sackton: of the skeleton monster swimming towards the back as the octopus begins to flee.
Tim Sackton: then another ink cloud, and it starts
Tim Sackton: you can't see, because now it's behind the ink cloud.
Tim Sackton: Tell me when you're gonna go
Tim Sackton: swimming around. You've now sort of
Tim Sackton: pick it up again now.
Tim Sackton: but you know, at the far back end of the
Tim Sackton: of the skeleton
Tim Sackton: some a couple more folk now converging, coming around the other side. It seems like a patrol had appeared
Tim Sackton: another patrol that you couldn't see now, coming up, down from below, converging on the octopus
Tim Sackton: dope.
Tim Sackton: Only one guard that you can see now, sort of out in front of the mouth kind of
Tim Sackton: like where Schwartz's head is.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if your videos in the same order as mine right right about there.
Tim Sackton: potentially as few as one guard left inside the mouth the moment.
Mike Sackton: How far away the mouth. Let's go. Yeah, let's go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tilly: So Scott!
Tim Sackton: 400 feet.
Tilly: Dashing with the manta rays just full speed. Let's go.
Mike Sackton: As soon as we're like
Mike Sackton: 90 feet away from this guy, I'm gonna cast sleep on him.
Tilly: From my side.
Tim Sackton: Guy. You can't see anybody at the moment, but one is outside.
Mike Sackton: The one guard that you just mentioned.
Tim Sackton: Well, you can't see clearly down into the
Tim Sackton: mouth yet until you get in position above the eye.
Tilly: Yeah, we'll try.
Tim Sackton: To the.
Mike Sackton: We're just. We're we're dashing to the eye as fast as we can.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Going through. You swim down quickly.
Tim Sackton: approach the eye.
Tim Sackton: Let's get some slightly more
Tim Sackton: upbeat music here.
Tim Sackton: when you get within. The the mouth itself is dark.
Tim Sackton: So until you get within 60 feet you can't see anything because of dark vision.
Tim Sackton: When you get within about 60 feet of the mouth you can see actually looking down through the eye. The inside of the jaw looks empty. You don't see anybody.
Tim Sackton: The door is open.
Tim Sackton: leading into the main hall.
Tim Sackton: There's just the one guard
Tim Sackton: like, right in front of the mouth that's looking out, not paying attention to you.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to castleep on the one guard.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Kate Sackton: We're at the door. Basically.
Kate Sackton: you're not the.
Mike Sackton: Do I need to roll hit points for sleep?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yes, I think you do.
Tilly: How many.
Tim Sackton: How many? Oh, yeah, okay. He falls asleep.
Tilly: Yup, that's pretty good.
Tim Sackton: The guard falls asleep, and you now dash through the eyes.
Tilly: Mice.
Tim Sackton: See now
Tim Sackton: the octopus, now swimming around one more in cloud, heading back towards you now.
Tilly: With the last in cloud, have it turn into something really small.
Tilly: I don't really know if there's a way for you to communicate with it.
Tilly: Well, that's part of the.
Tim Sackton: Smart so you could have if you explained the plan to it.
Tilly: It, it.
Mike Sackton: It needs to. The the bad guys need to think that Tilly or something else is attacking them
Mike Sackton: and is running away, and it then needs to escape. So it needs to fake a run away and then come back.
Tilly: So have it like, go off into the darkness.
Tim Sackton: Off into the darkness.
Mike Sackton: And then turn. Yes, exactly.
Tilly: Turn into something really small. Yeah, and swim back to us. That's a great.
Tim Sackton: This is happening, and the guard in front of the.
Tilly: Like just a normal octopus.
Mike Sackton: Exactly right.
Tim Sackton: The guard in front of the mouth is asleep. You find yourself in
Tim Sackton: the jaw of this
Tim Sackton: massive leviathan skeleton, maybe
Tim Sackton: 40 feet across, and stretching maybe 20 or 30 feet back.
Tim Sackton: You can see like flicks of light shining through this like
Tim Sackton: broken wall of spikes.
Tim Sackton: That separates the mouth from the hall where the clairvoyant I was before, and there's 2 double doors made out of polished
Tim Sackton: coral, one of which is standing open.
Tim Sackton: and so you can see in from that.
Tim Sackton: Well, it's cracked open. You'd have to like
Tim Sackton: swim in position to look through.
Tim Sackton: But there's nobody in this
Tim Sackton: jaw as you take like a moment to kind of settle and get your bearings.
Tim Sackton: As far as you are aware, you've not been noticed.
Mike Sackton: To let's.
Tilly: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Peer through the door.
Tilly: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Mean somebody who's good at peering in a way that isn't.
Tilly: Slick a
Tilly: quick peek.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe cancel or will be.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'll be, I think, is the best of the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's need to go over and take a quick peek through.
Tim Sackton: Okay. You see, here's what you see. As you take a quick peek through the door, make a
Tim Sackton: make, a stealth, and a perception check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Excuse me.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: rogues, man.
Tim Sackton: Peering through the door.
Tim Sackton: you
Tim Sackton: silently, like. Swim closely up to the edge and just kind of glance through quickly.
Tim Sackton: You see, the room that you're looking into is maybe a hundred feet long, maybe a little longer, 120 feet long
Tim Sackton: and about 50 or 60 feet wide. It's a giant, cavernous room.
Tim Sackton: You can't see everything clearly, because the
Tim Sackton: your field of vision is not quite as wide as the width of the room, but you can see in the middle of the room.
Tim Sackton: The whirlpool.
Tim Sackton: maybe 15 feet across.
Tim Sackton: You can't see through it, and it has. It's like a dome. It swirls up to a domed top
Tim Sackton: emerging from the floor, so it seems to be completely enclosing the jade. But you know the jade is in there from clairvoyance and from Kenzo
Tim Sackton: positioned around the stairs. You see 4 murfolk guards.
Tim Sackton: another. The other guard
Tim Sackton: who was out here seems to have just run in
Tim Sackton: and you can see that there's 2
Tim Sackton: murfoke talking to
Tim Sackton: a small cluster of
Tim Sackton: of people kind of there's a
Tim Sackton: so I should finish explaining the room. So
Tim Sackton: on the opposite side of this whirlpool
Tim Sackton: you can see actually, here.
Tim Sackton: Bobby is explaining this.
Tim Sackton: Bobby is explaining this to me, so we'll just
Tim Sackton: dropped you on the map.
Tilly: Might.
Tim Sackton: So here's the whirlpool in the middle.
Tim Sackton: There's some guards around.
Tim Sackton: There's a couple of more folk around the the whirlpool, and then there's like
Tim Sackton: this thing over here is is like a throne made of of bones
Tim Sackton: and brulee. You gas has came down off the throne and is listening to 2 murf folks speak.
Tim Sackton: One is. One is kind of sitting to the side, and you actually recognize the one sitting to the side. It's the guy you left live at. The portal.
Tim Sackton: who seems to have arrived relatively recently, as explaining.
Tim Sackton: was in the middle of explaining to Bruli everything that happened when this other Murfo comes in and is shouting something you guessed like. There's some weird giant octopus swimming around. What should we do?
Mike Sackton: Where are we?
Tim Sackton: Tick
Tim Sackton: here.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the front of the.
Tim Sackton: This is the front, this is the throne.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How high is the room?
Tim Sackton: It's about 40 feet high.
Tim Sackton: The jade whirlpool reaches up about half the height to about 20 feet.
Tilly: Alright!
Tilly: What if we just
Tilly: going right now.
Tilly: before they have time to do anything.
Kate Sackton: This year.
Tilly: It's.
Kate Sackton: Humble in the door visibly. We'll have to pull initiative, and then.
Mike Sackton: We should just
Mike Sackton: well, they don't.
Tilly: Well, I can hear
Tilly: hair worries.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're not. You're not exactly stealth, but you're you know. You're just on the other side. You're being quite on the other side of the door. The jade is loud, I mean, these guards are are watching.
Mike Sackton: I'm saying, if we cast a spell right now.
Mike Sackton: would
Mike Sackton: presumably I would.
Mike Sackton: Can I cast a spell right now without them? Noticing.
Tilly: It would well.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Obviously, they would notice the cast of the spell.
Tim Sackton: We have no reason.
Mike Sackton: Think they're we have no reason to
Mike Sackton: for them. We have no reason to believe they know that we're here right.
Tilly: Well know that we're right outside the door. Specifically.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tilly: They know that there are people in the area.
Tim Sackton: Hold on one sec.
Tim Sackton: Are you coming to?
Tim Sackton: You want to say Hi to Mom?
Kate Sackton: 1027.
Tim Sackton: You have to climb out right next to me if you want to be in it. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: probably shouldn't be still awake. Okay? Sorry. What were you saying? Half the spell?
Tim Sackton: So I mean
Tim Sackton: yes, I think you could probably cast a spell if
Tim Sackton: it's a question of whether they would notice.
Tim Sackton: But you know
Tim Sackton: the movement as you
Tim Sackton: go to open the door and like push the door open.
Tim Sackton: It's a little, I mean D, and D is not
Tim Sackton: super well designed to handle this, but I think
Tim Sackton: I think yes, what I would say is, rather than
Tim Sackton: rather than I would just say you would. You would automatically go 1st in initiative. Everybody else can go initiative after you.
Tim Sackton: and your spell would be the thing that
Tim Sackton: triggers initiative. But.
Tilly: Perfect.
Tim Sackton: 1st turn.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I wasn't trying to get a surprise, for I'm just
Mike Sackton: a spell before
Mike Sackton: they.
Mike Sackton: I'm not sure. That's how I that's how I we wanna play it. But.
Kate Sackton: Do you have a spell in mind, Elvis?
Mike Sackton: Sickening radiance.
Mike Sackton: It's always you.
Tilly: I don't know if that does.
Tilly: You want to keep that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Put that around the whirlpool
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and careful. Spell us in.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I can't careful spell. Everybody
Mike Sackton: can't care or spell our new friends.
Eric Rosenbaum: That
Eric Rosenbaum: immunizes us. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's going in there?
Eric Rosenbaum: What did we decide.
Kate Sackton: Kelly is.
Tilly: I thought.
Kate Sackton: Pencil is going to go through it.
Tilly: Yeah, I thought Kenzo was just going to swim in and see what happens.
Mike Sackton: But we had to.
Mike Sackton: Telly, you have to magic.
Tilly: I don't know if control water actually does that.
Tilly: I guess part water does that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can! I set up.
Kate Sackton: I control water does strong currents. So I was sort of thinking it like that.
Kate Sackton: Bye, Chris, like.
Tilly: Can I control water now? Like not target anything, but just like cast a spell. So I have it up. But like
Tilly: like they could.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Last for 10 min.
Tilly: Yeah, I'm just gonna cast it up now
Tilly: before we go in.
Tilly: And then I think we should just
Tilly: go.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: 30 foot sickening radiance. There.
Tilly: 30 foot radius, or what is it?
Mike Sackton: A 30 foot radius, sickening radiance.
Tilly: That's pretty good. I could also.
Tilly: if we could do like a combo attack
Tilly: which we might not be able to. I can
Tilly: so control. Water affects the water in a
Tilly: in a hundred foot, a cube with a hundred feet on either side.
Tilly: So I'm going to pick the cube in the middle, right like this, this side
Tilly: and then
Tilly: this side. And then, you know. So this, this cube basically encompass the whole thing. And I can make a wave that shoves people
Tilly: 25 feet.
Tilly: It would get these 4 guys in the front and then push potentially push them into that radius.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's cool!
Tilly: If you want to try and do a combo where we group up a bunch of people for a
Tilly: big spell.
Mike Sackton: It lasts, it's a persistent effect.
Mike Sackton: Second radiance is a persistent effect that only damages them on the starts of their turn.
Tilly: You just cast it, and then if I roll high enough an initiative, I'll do that on my 1st turn. So I think, yeah, just start, start with a secondary.
Mike Sackton: I think I think I'm gonna do that.
Mike Sackton: It's a hundred 20 foot range. So I should have plenty of range.
Mike Sackton: Hey? Yeah.
Tilly: Just do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When seeker looks at the the the whatever water cage thing it is. It magic.
Tim Sackton: You don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look at it with his goggles on.
Tim Sackton: I mean seeker is fairly clumsy and slow. If you want to swim up the door, he's certainly welcome to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Good.
Tim Sackton: Ahead and make a staff check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. Not worth it. Kenza is highly tempted to just swim up to the thing and just see what happens.
Tilly: Let's stick an ingredients and then go for it.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Tilly: I think we're a newest.
Kate Sackton: Believe.
Tilly: So getting your idiot.
Kate Sackton: Breaks a hole in the
Kate Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Milo turns and
Tim Sackton: silently says, speaks to the
Tim Sackton: crowd of sharks that are crowded into the
Kate Sackton: No, the.
Tim Sackton: Portal, and he says.
Tim Sackton: Okay, guys.
Tim Sackton: keep everybody out.
Tim Sackton: Don't let anybody through that door, and when you hear the signal.
Tim Sackton: make a run for the rainbow
Tim Sackton: we've got you
Tim Sackton: and he draws is right here. Okay, are we doing this?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: as Mike's.
Kate Sackton: Has my portal returned?
Tim Sackton: Just about now a little. A little tiny octopus darts through the eye.
Mike Sackton: Should it bless us first? st
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Mike Sackton: Can't hurt.
Tim Sackton: Not.
Tim Sackton: I can bless 3 of you.
Kate Sackton: Who's doing things that bless will help.
Mike Sackton: It's it's attack rolls right.
Tim Sackton: Attack, rolls on saving throws.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think definitely.
Tim Sackton: It's out so
Tim Sackton: makes a lot. And so.
Mike Sackton: Della and Milo.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Eric Rosenbaum: That checks out.
Eric Rosenbaum: We. We determine that anyone can trigger the Rainbow Bridge right.
Tim Sackton: Anybody can trigger the Rainbow Bridge to Vinda Sharma, not from Vintosharma.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I get knocked out, it's okay. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: wants to be immune to the sickening radiance.
Tilly: Kenzo should be. If they're going to go in.
Mike Sackton: Are dealt with definitely. Rizwan definitely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I would make the slow people immune
Tim Sackton: in favor.
Tilly: I don't need to.
Tim Sackton: Fall.
Tilly: I don't need to be.
Tilly: I can swim around it.
Tilly: I would say Kenzo Risman dealt with, and that's probably, and if you can get my.
Tilly: Then also Milo.
Kate Sackton: Seeker.
Tilly: And whoever else you can grab.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tilly: Okay, sure, that sounds good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Secrets, just on principle.
Mike Sackton: Just on print.
Tim Sackton: Speaker on principle.
Mike Sackton: I don't like leaving Seeker, you know. We gotta protect his fragile.
Mike Sackton: He has a 14 A/C. He has to go hide and.
Tim Sackton: Well, Milo and Tilly don't have never, didn't never got.
Tilly: We don't. We're not wearing armor.
Tim Sackton: Crap! That's me, too. I have.
Tilly: I have a 12 A/CI just have my dexterity, plus 10.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm casting the spell.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tilly: So you have your audience.
Tim Sackton: bat
Tim Sackton: this is gonna be tough without my normal paper. I'm gonna have to do everything with stupid computers.
Kate Sackton: Oh, should the quaddle bend plus pass shield on Youtube.
Tilly: And the ratio.
Tim Sackton: And that's not how she.
Tilly: That's not our shield works.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: This is good enough. Okay? So so Dowth goes. First, st let's see if I can.
Mike Sackton: You make a second and.
Tim Sackton: Cheaper.
Tim Sackton: Oh, let me make a second ingredients for you.
Mike Sackton: I think, like right, there is pretty good.
Tilly: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Remember, seeker, it's safer to be in the sickening radiance than out of it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tilly: Well for you.
Tim Sackton: 30.
Mike Sackton: 30, foot.
Tim Sackton: And bigger.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! I'll spend the whole combat trying to get in. Get over there.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's.
Mike Sackton: Okay, put it one square over
Mike Sackton: to the right.
Tim Sackton: There!
Mike Sackton: To the other right.
Mike Sackton: my right.
Tim Sackton: There
Tim Sackton: now the one.
Mike Sackton: More over to the right. I want the whirlpool totally covered. I don't care about those last.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's perfect.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: Maybe up maybe north, one.
Tim Sackton: There. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Beautiful.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: 30 foot radius.
Tim Sackton: I assume you're putting it so that at ground level it is, it is 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: Which means that the further you go up, the less it covers.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's a good point.
Mike Sackton: because it's a sphere.
Kate Sackton: And it's a 3D.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think you should put it so that it's 30. The full 30 feet is at the top of the whirlpool, so somewhat less at the bottom.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think that's
Mike Sackton: at the top of the whirlpool.
Tim Sackton: That's going to make the bottom quite small, because the whirlful whirlpool is 20 feet tall.
Mike Sackton: I was. Gonna have the.
Mike Sackton: And then let's see.
Kate Sackton: 5 feet from the floor.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think 5 feet up is about what I want.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's fine. I'm not going to be.
Tim Sackton: It's just so.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But swept up.
Tim Sackton: If you swim up
Tim Sackton: at the top, it gives you more maneuverability, basically.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: so that
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: the beginning of combat. So everybody roll initiative.
Tilly: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Should I still roll initiative, or do I just go first.st
Tim Sackton: You just go first, st
Tim Sackton: so let me get all the initiatives
Tim Sackton: cycle
Tim Sackton: twenties. Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Natural 20 for Welby.
Tim Sackton: Welby is 25, so I'll just put. I'll just put Dell with it 25, too.
Kate Sackton: She's very skilled.
Tim Sackton: In, the.
Kate Sackton: 15! Till now.
Tim Sackton: 14 for Tilley.
Tim Sackton: 15 for riswin seeker. Where did you roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: 20.
Tim Sackton: You rolled a 20
Tim Sackton: sorry, Kenzo Kong. What did Kenzo role.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20.
Tim Sackton: Wow! Look at you guys, you really got to jump on them.
Tim Sackton: okay. So.
Mike Sackton: We don't have tokens on the board.
Tim Sackton: Oh, let me put your tokens on the board.
Tim Sackton: Where is everybody? Okay, here's
Tim Sackton: Tilly.
Tim Sackton: Milo.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo Riswen
Tim Sackton: dealt with.
Tilly: But can you give.
Tim Sackton: We can.
Tilly: Troll, of.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: 8.
Mike Sackton: There's a ground here. Can we walk on the ground.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Saul.
Mike Sackton: Does that mean? I can move a full move.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're still facing water resistance. I would. I will say you've got a 5 foot movement penalty walking on the ground.
Tim Sackton: Well, so who am I missing? Is everybody out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welding.
Tim Sackton: Well be
Tim Sackton: need. Well, be okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay. And I need to let
Tim Sackton: Isaac control Tilly.
Tim Sackton: as a
Tim Sackton: see if that fixed it.
Tilly: Yeah, it did through you.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I need a role initiative for Milo. Oh, so many things I need to do on this
Tim Sackton: combat. Okay.
Mike Sackton: But I've died.
Tim Sackton: 28. So I'm gonna
Tim Sackton: Milo is also going to go on 25 because he will. The 28.th
Tilly: I'm sorry how.
Tim Sackton: Plus 8. He's a swashbuckler, he adds his charisma.
Tilly: Oh, yes, of course.
Tilly: Sneaky little guy.
Tim Sackton: My God, really also roll the 25.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: And then I need to get all of these. Just give me you guys talk about your strategy while I'm getting set up
Tim Sackton: so that you know what you're gonna do.
Kate Sackton: Are you? Gonna I'm just
Kate Sackton: Mike wattle.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'm gonna I need to roll initiative for your quaddle and your quadly the token. What is your quadl gonna be.
Kate Sackton: I mean, does the police?
Kate Sackton: Because that was the buddy
Kate Sackton: by the attacker that I was hoping to bring with me? Yeah.
Tilly: Headed Plesiosaur, 2 headed Plesiosaur.
Eric Rosenbaum: Love it.
Tilly: 2 headed one as a higher, higher challenge, rating and more attacks.
Kate Sackton: Yes, that one.
Kate Sackton: assuming that he either fits in the door or bashes the door down.
Tilly: He is
Tilly: only large, so it shouldn't be that big a deal.
Tim Sackton: There is the Plesiosaur.
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Tilly: Makes 2 bite attacks in a turn.
Tilly: though it can only hold its breath for an hour.
Tilly: so that'll come up for error eventually.
Tilly: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Should be able to.
Mike Sackton: The spell was gone in an hour.
Tim Sackton: That's probably that for now.
Mike Sackton: So it.
Tilly: Oh, never mind then.
Mike Sackton: Fine it. It took its last breath on the celestial plane. It'll be fine until.
Tilly: So you should be.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, able to control the plesiosaur. Now.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: What else do I need to set up? Do I need any other tokens for any of you?
Tim Sackton: Oh, tell me, the pleasisor, what the pleasisor world for initiative.
Kate Sackton: I am sorry. How do I do that?
Kate Sackton: Do I just roll a d 20.
Tim Sackton: Well, you gotta look up the stats of the pleasisor.
Tim Sackton: Let me find it for you.
Kate Sackton: I have a stats page, but I don't know how to. Where does it say strength, dex con, and whiz.
Tim Sackton: Above that there's like an initiative.
Kate Sackton: Just says, armor class 19 hit points 97. Speed 30.
Tim Sackton: And then initiative right below speed.
Kate Sackton: Does not say that on the screen I'm looking at.
Tim Sackton: What screen are you looking at.
Kate Sackton: Some picture, some description from D and D. Beyond monsters.
Tim Sackton: Okay, while it's plus 2.
Kate Sackton: Sorry. Thanks for looking it up.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I need to get so many things up here. So talk about your strategy because it took me like 2 min to get everything set up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we don't know where Brewly is right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think he's on the phone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just.
Eric Rosenbaum: He's more.
Tim Sackton: And these guys.
Tim Sackton: he's like this guy here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that guy, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, so are we. Gonna do we have to fight them and kill them? Or are we just gonna like.
Kate Sackton: We're still just trying to smash and grab.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we're really yeah.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we're really trying. I mean, we're obviously trying to kill them.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: we still don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So know how to get inside the whirlpool thing right? So.
Mike Sackton: Tilly's gonna control water to push aside them.
Mike Sackton: What are we think?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, cat.
Eric Rosenbaum: We also want to separate the bad guys from the Rambo Bridge when the time comes, and I might be able to wallow stone. But that is also an action
Eric Rosenbaum: on the Rainbow Bridge in action. Somebody else could do it, though.
Mike Sackton: You could. Wall of stone, I mean dropping a wall of stone
Mike Sackton: to block off the whirlpool.
Mike Sackton: All the bad guys would be a good like.
Tilly: In the back.
Eric Rosenbaum: Make a little U shape of Stone.
Mike Sackton: Like like here.
Tilly: Yeah, after you do like a.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Chris.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yeah. But square footage is gonna be a problem. Given the height of the room.
Mike Sackton: 40 foot tall. How high can you make a wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: There are 10 by 20 foot segments, and I can do 10, I think. Let me look it up.
Tilly: That should be fine. Then
Tilly: basically, you can make 5,
Tilly: 10 by 40 foot
Tilly: if you stack them on top of each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: They can be 40 feet tall. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Height of the room.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Hold on.
Kate Sackton: 2 ingredients with the wall stone in it, with a whirlpool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Smash and grab a still. The plan.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Rainbow bridge back by the door. He came in
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): when the time comes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think it's gonna have to be something like that, but we will
Eric Rosenbaum: do it in.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do good life.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So try and keep us on this side of the room. Ish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Rights.
Kate Sackton: Don't go dashing up to steal his trident, or anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, right, we gotta stay focused here.
Tim Sackton: Switch that token. Sorry
Tim Sackton: I can.
Tim Sackton: Jacku.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: 4 or 4 others different.
Kate Sackton: We're just itching to tell Tilley in my life how awesome you were getting the trident out of the hand of that monster, which is why we defeated it.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was pretty awesome.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So as you look around, you're all
Tim Sackton: so, Dalwith, you can't start this far into the room.
Mike Sackton: No, that's after my move.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay.
Mike Sackton: I can move as part of my
Mike Sackton: initiative right.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: That did I start to? I mean, I don't know. I mean.
Tim Sackton: We should all really start right at the edge here, because you're.
Mike Sackton: And I wasn't totally sure where to. Yeah, that's fine. I mean, it's fine. If I'm
Mike Sackton: farther.
Tim Sackton: So you could be like one. Yeah, start there, basically
Tim Sackton: So the spell appears.
Tim Sackton: as as you open the door, and you can see everybody turning sort of
Tim Sackton: shocked.
Tim Sackton: looking at you.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: the
Tim Sackton: burly turning and and and yelling and pointing as this magic glow of radiant energy begins to fill the room
Tim Sackton: and dealt with runs in
Tim Sackton: weapon materializing in his hand, that I presume, as he does
Tim Sackton: app
Tim Sackton: essentially the same moment
Tim Sackton: Milo with his silver
Tim Sackton: ray, Pierre, swinging
Tim Sackton: gals
Tim Sackton: for the storm dancer
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: charges. And where is Milo? Here's Mila? 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
Tim Sackton: 6, and then we'll
Tim Sackton: bonus action. Dash
Tim Sackton: 1, 2,
Tim Sackton: Let me just check one thing.
Tim Sackton: Close that tab.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Guys sink his ship.
Tim Sackton: Is this
Tim Sackton: didn't work. Okay?
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: So when he gets here, he's going to stab at this.
Tim Sackton: At this
Tim Sackton: wow!
Tim Sackton: Merfolk
Tim Sackton: and that is gonna hit, and he's gonna run this merfolk through
Tim Sackton: and then run forward again, staying here. So, Isaac, I should
Tim Sackton: also make sure you know the square tokens are minions.
Tim Sackton: so if you do any damage to them from hey?
Tim Sackton: You know the Minion rules.
Tilly: I read the book.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tilly: I've used. I used many.
Tim Sackton: Okay, great. So square tokens are minions round tokens? Are not minions.
Tilly: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so that will end Mila's turn with. Well, be up next.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am going to take study, aim, and shoot
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): this guy.
Mike Sackton: Which once the.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, which guys.
Mike Sackton: Roy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry. The one on the north side of the Whirlpool.
Tim Sackton: This one?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: is that.
Tim Sackton: So? Remember that you're
Tim Sackton: Max. Range is 60 feet underwater.
Tim Sackton: So that's not a range.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 60 or 80
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): short motion.
Tim Sackton: Of this.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, yeah, sorry. It's your your Max range is your short range.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. So it is still short. So I think I'm okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright.
Tim Sackton: For some reason I thought the short range of sword but short, but was 60.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thought that for, like the 1st 2 years of this campaign.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 26.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 36.
Tim Sackton: 36, damage.
Kate Sackton: Higher levels.
Mike Sackton: 36, damage. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: 6 damage kills him.
Tim Sackton: Your arrow just came
Tim Sackton: slams into this this chanting creature, and he dies.
Tim Sackton: That ends your turn.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Well, be Milo
Tim Sackton: Peru, they
Tim Sackton: so that what save is this for.
Mike Sackton: 19 con.
Tim Sackton: That is.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's a 27.
Tim Sackton: So he's going to save.
Tim Sackton: And then he's gonna swim up
Tim Sackton: straight up out of the sickening radiance.
Tim Sackton: So I'll use the
Tim Sackton: so he's he's 30 feet up.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: he's gonna shout
Tim Sackton: words that you don't quite understand except
Tim Sackton: the name Gazanco.
Tim Sackton: And suddenly
Tim Sackton: blackness.
Tim Sackton: impenetrable to
Tim Sackton: impenetrable to dark vision.
Tim Sackton: falls over the room.
Tilly: Whole room!
Tim Sackton: I'm about to show how big it is. Hold on.
Tim Sackton: and a.
Kate Sackton: Thickening, radiant. This is some radius.
Tim Sackton: Quite the whole room.
Tim Sackton: It's just the half of the room that you're in.
Tim Sackton: Completely black.
Kate Sackton: About the intersection of the circles.
Tim Sackton: What do you mean?
Kate Sackton: Doesn't radiance cause in radiance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting play.
Tim Sackton: Nope. The the radiance, although it still seems like it, will do damage. The light of the radiant, sickening radiance goes out.
Tim Sackton: It does not cast light into this darkness.
Kate Sackton: Oh, fun!
Tim Sackton: That is going to.
Tim Sackton: and his turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Since.
Tilly: So, but it goes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Drift globes which could cast daylight and potentially dispel the darkness. But
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): know, if we want to use our actions for them.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry! That doesn't quite end his turn.
Tim Sackton: There's.
Tilly: Right which
Tilly: which one was this.
Kate Sackton: Was
Kate Sackton: peruli.
Tilly: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Early. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we can't see out of the darkness. You can.
Tim Sackton: Not see out of the darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man!
Tim Sackton: That's good.
Tilly: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: And scope.
Tilly: Might actually be worth using daylight. This is kind of bad.
Tilly: What the heck.
Tim Sackton: before the
Tim Sackton: So before the darkness appears, you see 3 tentacles swinging up, swirling up out of the water
Tim Sackton: next to Baruli.
Tim Sackton: one next to Milo, or like right about here, one right about
Tim Sackton: here.
Tim Sackton: And they swing out one hitting Milo
Tim Sackton: for
Tim Sackton: 11 points of damage and one hitting deal with for 14 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna cast.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna cast shield.
Mike Sackton: Assume it's a mail I attack.
Tim Sackton: Yup that was at 20.
Mike Sackton: 20 doesn't hit me. To begin with.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry no. 2920 was against Milo.
Mike Sackton: 29.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That's not gonna hit even the shield
Mike Sackton: that's still gonna hit. You.
Tim Sackton: And that ends Baruli's turn
Tim Sackton: seeker is up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, I'm always like waiting on
Eric Rosenbaum: Kansas
Eric Rosenbaum: info about the saves, but we don't have it yet.
Tim Sackton: Seeker
Tim Sackton: as your turn starts, make a wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Blank.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nothing happens.
Tim Sackton: You hear like these mad
Tim Sackton: shrieking?
Tim Sackton: Calls
Tim Sackton: in the darkness.
Tim Sackton: piercing into your mind and doing 31 points of psychic damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Foul
Eric Rosenbaum: 31
Eric Rosenbaum: What? What is this effect? Oh, man.
Tim Sackton: It's some very powerful spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so I can't see
Eric Rosenbaum: anything at all
Eric Rosenbaum: that you.
Tim Sackton: You cannot see anything at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: This
Tim Sackton: I mean you have a you remember the layout of the room? You have a big sense of where everything is but
Tim Sackton: pitch darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I try a counterspell? Maybe I'm just not sure what to do.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you could try to spell.
Tim Sackton: You could try to spell magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, on
Mike Sackton: You hate to counter spell, you can't counter, spell.
Tim Sackton: You are, you can only counterspell within 60 feet. Anyway, you are well out of range of counter spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: but I think you could.
Tim Sackton: Tried to spell magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the darkness. Maybe. Is that what you're thinking.
Tilly: Yeah, that that probably will work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Actually because you.
Mike Sackton: And have to cast it at 6th Level.
Eric Rosenbaum: The thing.
Tilly: Then don't do it.
Tilly: but it's not somebody.
Kate Sackton: And point
Kate Sackton: huge benefit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But getting rid of the darkness enables everyone else's action as much.
Tilly: But doesn't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Burn yours.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Be curious like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Team player.
Tilly: With a 6th level spell, slot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, there's just I'm just not gonna be able to do that much at all.
Mike Sackton: I mean, the thing is, it's definitely not the second level darkness. Now.
Mike Sackton: Not only is it not the second level darkness, though, because second Radians probably wouldn't beat it, but also because it's only a 15 foot radius.
Mike Sackton: This is like,
Eric Rosenbaum: 100, number.
Mike Sackton: So it's probably a high level spell. So I actually think the spell matching at a 6th level spot is not at all a waste of a.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I do.
Tilly: A.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can. It was.
Tilly: Just regular.
Mike Sackton: Darkness, it would not be worth it. But this is not regular darkness.
Tilly: That's fair. That's fair. That's a good argument.
Eric Rosenbaum: I cast his bill.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the darkness. Effect.
Tim Sackton: Make an intelligence, check.
Tilly: It's higher than the 6th level.
Tilly: but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that a saving throw.
Tim Sackton: I'll just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Click on my intelligence.
Tim Sackton: But you add half your proficiency. Bonus.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know what that means.
Tim Sackton: I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just clicked on intelligence.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Eric Rosenbaum: The die roll was.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that was a terrible role! That's awful!
Eric Rosenbaum: The arrow is a 4.
Tim Sackton: yeah, that's I don't think that's gonna help, no matter what.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Did not see.
Eric Rosenbaum: And influencer.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That little mode of inspiration floating around from.
Tilly: Yeah. Best.
Tim Sackton: I? You might, I think you do. The the the centers gave you the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Were you.
Tim Sackton: Role. Kenny.
Tim Sackton: The mode of faith.
Eric Rosenbaum: A mode of fate.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean ideally, this would be for.
Tim Sackton: Got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: More important.
Tim Sackton: They'll have it.
Mike Sackton: Now you should use it. This is pretty important.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! Alright! I can roll.
Kate Sackton: Hi! To Polly and.
Tim Sackton: Reroll the 20. It's like a luck point. You reroll the the d. 20.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Kate Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: I would use it. It's worth it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So just just click on my intelligence.
Mike Sackton: So again, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Much better.
Tilly: That's way. Better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it.
Tim Sackton: Good, good, like.
Mike Sackton: 2525.
Tim Sackton: Gosh! Worth of the clutch, memory.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Darkness ends.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Mike Sackton: Little tentacles. Go away.
Tim Sackton: The tentacles do not go away. They're not part of the darkness.
Tim Sackton: Tom.
Eric Rosenbaum: So should delete my motivate here.
Tim Sackton: So delete your mode of fate. So recalling back many
Tim Sackton: 3 years ago in the real world, a year ago in the game world.
Tim Sackton: the magic of the centers shifts
Tim Sackton: the balance of Tagar, and as the spell is just
Tim Sackton: about to
Tim Sackton: remain.
Tim Sackton: something shifts in the magic, and fate is respun, and the darkness vanishes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
Tim Sackton: That ends Seeker's turn.
Tim Sackton: Wow! Good! I had totally forgot that you had those things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So everybody else has one, too. Is that true?
Mike Sackton: I think I use a couple.
Tim Sackton: People have used them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Think it was like there
Kate Sackton: now, isn't.
Tim Sackton: They weren't even they.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Karen, okay.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, it wasn't there.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, you're up now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So can I like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well first.st 1st I'll.
Tim Sackton: It was an 8th level spell. By the way.
Tim Sackton: first, st all soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Play brewy.
Tim Sackton: Okay, he is
Tim Sackton: 15th level.
Tim Sackton: He is good at constitution and charisma.
Tim Sackton: He is bad at strength and intelligence.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting. He's a any immunities, etc.
Tim Sackton: No immunities or resistances immune to charm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fat.
Tim Sackton: Otherwise.
Mike Sackton: So, Tim, can I just ask a question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Can I swap out my mystic icon.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Literally never fought
Mike Sackton: any boss who is not immune to charm literally. Not everyone.
Tim Sackton: It is in.
Mike Sackton: Fighter, the.
Tim Sackton: Most common immunity I have.
Tim Sackton: You can totally swap it out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should Kenzo just like run?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, wait tilly needs to do the thing right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tilly: You could just ready the dash, action and movement, probably, for when I do it.
Tilly: move forward.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it's gonna take you have.
Mike Sackton: How close can you get to the thing?
Tim Sackton: So super fast.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, let me, how about I get like, literally right up to it, Tim.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Bursts.
Mike Sackton: You can move and then ready in action to dive through.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I've only got 55 foot of movement, but you can get to.
Tim Sackton: You can get to there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Don't I have the manta ray that is, don't have success.
Tim Sackton: Just gives you a swim speed equal to your regular speed. It doesn't let you move faster than normal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Mike Sackton: But that that's okay, can you? You can then, ready in action. Wait.
Tim Sackton: Can ready an action to dash.
Mike Sackton: Can you use key to dash? Can you use key to bonus action? Dash.
Tim Sackton: You could. But you're better off using key to like bonus action, Flurry, if you're.
Mike Sackton: That's.
Tim Sackton: Back somebody. That's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: look.
Tim Sackton: Like you could take out these 2 minions on your way past.
Mike Sackton: That's what you should do. That's that's brilliant bonus action, Flurry, to kill the 2 minions as you run by. Just punch them as you run past them.
Mike Sackton: I love that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For sure.
Mike Sackton: Then wait
Mike Sackton: for Tilly to cast the thing, and then dive through as soon as Tilly does.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. That sounds good. But also oh, yeah. So let me let me just do some some 2 quick attack roles to try and kill these guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: give me a minute here on arms. Oh, I can. I can use my staff right. Oh, no, that's my.
Tim Sackton: No cause. Underwater bludgeoning doesn't work well. You have disadvantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no. 12. That's terrible!
Tim Sackton: That misses. Good thing. You've got 3 attacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And do all this? One has 28.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that kills the 1st meat. Well, we're all damaged, because here you'll kill them both with one attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. 14.
Tim Sackton: Yep, that kills them both.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So one punch! Boom, boom! Those 2 minions are down.
Tim Sackton: and Kenzo ends up
Tim Sackton: wherever you end, up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'm gonna go right
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Whoops.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: and then you wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Boys to dash through as soon as the
Tim Sackton: whirlpool slows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, just as I am this close, though, do I sense anything? Is like the jade on my staff like starting to like, you know. Is anything anything going on.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're you're deeply aware of exactly where the jade is in space.
Tim Sackton: But nothing is going on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: There's only one minion left here, but
Tim Sackton: he will make an attempt to
Tim Sackton: attack Milo and Miss
Tim Sackton: just pathetic. Mila just dodges out of the way
Tim Sackton: riz wen is up.
Kate Sackton: Alright
Tim Sackton: Kelly is next after
Tim Sackton: this one Warlock.
Kate Sackton: I move my massive 20 feet of movement that I can move.
Kate Sackton: I'm 5 feet slower than my usual movement.
Kate Sackton: Good with me here.
Kate Sackton: and
Kate Sackton: I
Kate Sackton: shoot
Kate Sackton: I guess I
Kate Sackton: really decided that my cantrips were better than my aim with Camaro.
Mike Sackton: You don't have any good spells to cast.
Mike Sackton: Please, or is it.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Cause. Yeah. I mean, I could guide him old
Kate Sackton: like very low on
Kate Sackton: high, level spill slots
Kate Sackton: mountain.
Tim Sackton: Well, because everything's concentration.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But you have.
Kate Sackton: Have
Kate Sackton: sacred flame, which is a flame.
Kate Sackton: Wait! Did we just.
Tim Sackton: Radiant. It doesn't radiant.
Kate Sackton: Water. Okay, yes. So that's I. Sacred flame, the
Kate Sackton: Where am I? Sorry?
Kate Sackton: I, 2060 feet from me
Kate Sackton: now is.
Tim Sackton: You can get this guy or the Minion.
Mike Sackton: Go after.
Kate Sackton: I say, good flame, the chanty Guy.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: it's a deck save
Tim Sackton: not good decks fails. So flames burst around
Tim Sackton: the chanty guy.
Kate Sackton: And.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So he takes 10 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: that ends resin's turn.
Kate Sackton: Is the pleasures turn swords, turn the same as mine, or did you roll separate in it?
Tim Sackton: No, I rolled separate initiative. It's after Tilly.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: This chanty guy has to make a constitution save
Tim Sackton: what's your DC, Mike?
Mike Sackton: 19.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Fails.
Mike Sackton: Hold on!
Mike Sackton: Where's the
Mike Sackton: 21 damage.
Tim Sackton: That Guy dies, consumed by the radiant fire of Dell with spell.
Tim Sackton: Tilly is next.
Tilly: Okay, I will. So I have 2 options for control water.
Tilly: I can either try and
Tilly: part the water to
Tilly: split.
Tilly: to make like air
Tilly: on either side of the whirlpool like move the whirlpool apart.
Tilly: where I can try, and like redirect the whirlpool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, just try to.
Tilly: I mean he was.
Tilly: So this is this is flowing water
Tilly: kind of right.
Kate Sackton: Right, so try to change the like, spurt some of it up instead of in a circle, so that makes it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10. Is it like a gosh.
Tim Sackton: Or when faced with a current risin, used
Tim Sackton: redirect flow.
Tilly: Yeah, that's that's what I was thinking.
Kate Sackton: Get there!
Tilly: So can I just like throw the whirlpool over here
Tilly: just like at him, like redirect a coil of it, so that it flows that way, like in this direction.
Tim Sackton: like so short.
Tim Sackton: Let me just look at this for a sec.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, can you describe the world a little bit? Is it just like jets shooting down? Is it like moving in a pattern like what.
Tim Sackton: So it's it's moving, you know.
Tim Sackton: clockwise, spinning, fast, spinning fashion, and it seems to be spinning up and then bubbling over the top.
Tim Sackton: So I I think,
Tim Sackton: you, you basically have 2 options with control water as you sort of reach out and sense it. You could attempt to like.
Tim Sackton: overcome the flow of water and just push.
Tim Sackton: Use
Tim Sackton: wider to just
Tim Sackton: make a stronger current. Or you could try and counterbalance the current. So you
Tim Sackton: create basically a world pool going in the reverse direction.
Tim Sackton: the second would likely be
Tim Sackton: easier.
Tim Sackton: but the 1st could potentially spray the whirlpool into other people.
Tim Sackton: But it's not. The 1st is not guaranteed to work.
Kate Sackton: I think it's more important to let Kenzo through than to use it as a weapon.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Agreed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Brief.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Isaac. So that's what Tilly does.
Tilly: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So the whirlpool begins to slow, and then
Tim Sackton: comes to a stop, as Tilly like counterbalances the flow. Exactly. So. Now you can see, as the water slightly clears, you can see the jade on the other side, and Kenzo, using his action. His held action, dashes through.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some.
Tim Sackton: Okay, as you dash through
Tim Sackton: the water
Tim Sackton: of the whirlpool is
Tim Sackton: scalding hot.
Tilly: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But fortunately.
Tim Sackton: Take
Tim Sackton: 17 points of
Tim Sackton: fire damage.
Tim Sackton: and as you swim through right up at the jade it's not quite so hot.
Tim Sackton: but as you get closer, you hear you can this this like eerie
Tim Sackton: haunting
Tim Sackton: noise of the. So let's see, how much movement did that take to get you right up to the.
Tim Sackton: So you've got 55 feet, so that's
Tim Sackton: 20 feet to get into the middle and grab the jade.
Tim Sackton: You hear this eerie haunting noise, and now
Tim Sackton: reach your hand around and grab.
Tim Sackton: You sort of have no choice but to grab the whole contraption. The shell, the jade seems to be fused into this shell.
Tim Sackton: I've actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, what I wanted to do was to take my staff, take the staff and like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like, basically like one hand holding the staff that's got the jade. The other hand, the other piece, and just like literally try to try to. You know.
Tim Sackton: It seems like that. If there's something about this
Tim Sackton: think this like
Tim Sackton: shell, that's it attached to that is.
Tim Sackton: Hindering, channeling the jade. Somehow it's hindering it like it's not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Click here.
Tim Sackton: With your staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it. Okay? Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. I'll try to take the whole thing out.
Tim Sackton: Okay, grab it. No problem. Turn around, rush back out to the water, make a wisdom saving, throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, boy
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wisdom saving throw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no. 10.
Tim Sackton: When you come out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you. Thank you. D 10.
Tim Sackton: You can. Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 15.
Tim Sackton: When you come out for a moment, you see
Tim Sackton: your friends all gone.
Tim Sackton: completely surrounded by
Tim Sackton: Murfoke enemies charging at you, and then you hear Seeker
Tim Sackton: voice in the background, and you blink your eyes and realize
Tim Sackton: it was just an illusion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like God.
Tim Sackton: Your friends, are there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Man seeker is clutch without having any spell. Slots.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Each.
Mike Sackton: I think it's a good thing you actually had burned all your slots, or you've been tempted to cast a 4th one. I guess it wouldn't have mattered.
Tim Sackton: You have. Still, it's an 8th level spell. You still have to roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so we have the jade
Mike Sackton: rainbow Bridge time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like. By the way, it's just, is it? Literally like the jade inside, like an oyster shell, or like what's what's up like.
Tim Sackton: Shell is like a conch shell. It's like a long extended conk shell, and the jade is like 3 quarters away, embedded into it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interesting!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait. So I've got it, do we? Just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should we? Yeah, RAM a bridge and get the.
Tim Sackton: As you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For.
Tim Sackton: As
Tim Sackton: as Kenzo's turn ends
Tim Sackton: tentacles fill
Tim Sackton: 20
Tim Sackton: tentacles. Fill the ground around you.
Tim Sackton: Really a cube of water around you?
Tim Sackton: Please don't.
Tim Sackton: you, being Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Back.
Tim Sackton: And you need to make a dexterity saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm on decks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When did I roll?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you fucking for real
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: excuse my language. I just rolled an 11. I rolled a a 2 and a 1 on back to back. Saving throws.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Already we already use that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can't do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Curse you!
Tim Sackton: And so you are now grappled and restrained.
Tilly: And.
Tim Sackton: Take
Tim Sackton: and you do.
Tilly: Oh, I forgot to.
Tim Sackton: Bledding damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much budgeting damage.
Tim Sackton: 12.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But okay.
Tilly: You know, I forgot to.
Tilly: I was gonna do the.
Tim Sackton: What were you gonna do?
Tilly: On my turn I wanted to
Tilly: move
Tilly: closer to.
Tilly: So that's fine.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. Move wherever you want.
Tilly: And then I I wanted to just activate my water.
Tim Sackton: Water.
Tilly: Friend.
Tilly: yeah.
Tilly: But that's it. Won't do anything. Yeah, yeah.
Tilly: 10. It's 10 feet.
Tilly: It's 10 feet, so it won't do anything. Now, I just want to make sure I have it active.
Tim Sackton: So the you see the water around Tilly sort of turn.
Tim Sackton: What color does it turn.
Tilly: It's just I think it's
Tilly: it's like bubbles go through it, and it's just a little lighter blue.
Tilly: Then the it's like more turquoise.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tilly: The rest of the water.
Tim Sackton: So that ends
Tim Sackton: that ends Tilly's turn.
Tim Sackton: Minions up.
Tim Sackton: I mean Kenza's action until he's turn, and the
Tim Sackton: legendary action.
Tim Sackton: I'll have to make constitution saves against
Tim Sackton: fail fail fail.
Tilly: Just die.
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: oh, one roll the natural 20!
Tim Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: Britt.
Tim Sackton: Sal.
Tim Sackton: 4 of the 6 minions die
Tim Sackton: from the second ingredients.
Tim Sackton: and these 2 are going to swim up straight up
Tim Sackton: and then dash
Tim Sackton: over to to to here
Tim Sackton: getting out of the sickening radiance, but that uses their action.
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: plesiosaur is up.
Kate Sackton: Alright!
Eric Rosenbaum: Ireland.
Kate Sackton: So
Kate Sackton: please resource the
Kate Sackton: how do I find the plesiosaur stats? Because all I have is the quarter stats so we can only move 30 feet, but I'm pretty sure the plesiosaur can move further.
Tim Sackton: or.
Kate Sackton: Just doesn't matter. Just do best I can.
Tim Sackton: Here
Tim Sackton: it can move. It has a swim speed of 40.
Tim Sackton: There's its stats.
Kate Sackton: Thank you. Alright!
Tim Sackton: Hold on! There's a better.
Mike Sackton: The 2 headed, Please, sir.
Tim Sackton: Actually, for some reason, the giant subterranean lizard
Tim Sackton: is even better than any of the plesiosaur. So just you pretend it's a pleasisaur, but use the giant. Some trainee lizard stats.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: And I'll assume speed of 50.
Kate Sackton: Bain.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I suggest?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): oh, maybe it can't get all the way over there. But it would be great to grapple our guy.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): because then we can escape potentially while he's grappled or restrained, or
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): otherwise prevent them from following us.
Mike Sackton: The police is so I can swallow people.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: It should go, it should go swallow the
Mike Sackton: I probably can't get there. Oh, could it swallow Kenzo and then free him?
Tim Sackton: It. I mean it could try and pull. It could use this action to try and pull Kenzo free.
Tilly: Yeah. It's not that big.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's also it's got a swim of 50. So if it
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): moves and uses its action to move.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it can engage
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): in May and get an opportunity attack. I mean, I don't know if that's anything but.
Tim Sackton: He could get.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Least occupied them.
Mike Sackton: And wait. Is the spellcaster up out of the second right? He's at the top.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. He's at the top. He's out of the sickening radio.
Mike Sackton: So it could fly up, too, to be at the top.
Tim Sackton: Except it also
Tim Sackton: retains its its
Tim Sackton: resistance to radiant damage. And it's high constitution, save it from its collateral form so it wouldn't hurt.
Mike Sackton: If it's resistant to radiant, it doesn't. The smell doesn't actually do that much damage. Probably.
Kate Sackton: But it it's speed is 50 feet, so it can only go up to like.
Tim Sackton: Has to use its action, to dash.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: But it could at least engage the
Tim Sackton: guy in May. Li, if it uses his action to dash.
Kate Sackton: Alright risk. One has never been a dasher. But we'll say that the qua that that's what the pleasing double headed pleasores good at.
Kate Sackton: So it's going to go so it can get up to.
Tim Sackton: 100 feet.
Kate Sackton: So we can get up to.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it can get within Mayley of the.
Kate Sackton: Alright. So that's what it does. It just heads straight into the biggest
Kate Sackton: person, and.
Tim Sackton: Again.
Kate Sackton: But that that takes its whole action right? It doesn't.
Tim Sackton: So now it's like, swims up and is engaged with this with Berule, and is swimming in his face, but isn't otherwise
Tim Sackton: doing anything.
Kate Sackton: Doing anything. Cause? That's what dashing does. Okay, thank you.
Mike Sackton: It has to make a save, though for the second ingredients.
Tim Sackton: No cause. It's above the sickening radiance.
Mike Sackton: Oh, it just flew right over it. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It never entered in the face.
Tim Sackton: And never have to. That.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: captain, however, does have to make it save against the signaling radiance.
Tim Sackton: which is a
Tim Sackton: 4,
Tim Sackton: so it definitely fails.
Tim Sackton: Then. Sorry I'm not on that.
Mike Sackton: 17 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Also does take one level of exhaustion.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Which.
Mike Sackton: So much at one level, but just a matter of 2, 3, etc.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it is going to swim
Tim Sackton: 30 feet out of the sickening radiance
Tim Sackton: and then use its action to pull
Tim Sackton: what what looks like a horn from its side, and blow this like undulating
Tim Sackton: wave of sound that washes across. This is clearly some sort of magical alarm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's get out of here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tilly: Yeah, that's that's
Tilly: let's try and try and get out.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't have any useful bonus actions.
Tilly: Gotta try and save.
Tim Sackton: The new
Tim Sackton: has too many things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Run away.
Tim Sackton: Run away, smash and grab.
Tim Sackton: The lieutenant
Tim Sackton: also has to make a save. Why don't I have this open.
Tilly: How big is the
Tilly: how tall is the area that Chenza's trapped in.
Tim Sackton: 20 feet.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, it's a 20 foot cube.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. I just have to find this this stop block. I thought I had it.
Kate Sackton: Know where I am in the turn order, but I was gonna try to spell magic on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's nice!
Tim Sackton: You are
Tim Sackton: Europe.
Tim Sackton: You're after Kenzo.
Kate Sackton: So not so helpful.
Tim Sackton: Right. But if you didn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What did you do? Have you active yet.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, she did the the cantrap and the
Tim Sackton: and moved
Tim Sackton: okay, so call save.
Tim Sackton: I'm sorry, guys. I just have too many tabs open. It's hard to keep them all up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Someone on graph for me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and let's run.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you can always try and ungrapple yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I shall once it's my turn.
Tim Sackton: my computer's struggling here. Okay, oops. Okay, that is a terrible constitution save as well.
Tim Sackton: So I'll just use the same damage.
Mike Sackton: As a
Mike Sackton: okay, that's fine.
Tim Sackton: You can roll again. If it was a bad role.
Mike Sackton: That's a kind of copy role.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Well again.
Tim Sackton: okay, that's better. Looks pretty hurt. It is gonna swim
Tim Sackton: straight.
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
Tim Sackton: 6,
Tim Sackton: and then move
Tim Sackton: 7,
Tim Sackton: 8, and as it flies down into the tentacles, you notice that it, too, is wearing one of these. That amulet that you've seen the other
Tim Sackton: Murfoke wearing, and the tentacles seem to avoid it.
Tim Sackton: But it's using its action to dash. So all that is left to do is throw its trident at Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: 17.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Mrs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! I'm grappled right, so I can't like catch and throw it back.
Tim Sackton: You can't, because it flies wide of your head. It doesn't get anywhere close to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, I mean the missile, the the trident.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I'm missing. You can. Only you can only deflect things that hit you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Rare. Right? Okay.
Tim Sackton: And that will end its turn. And then the last 2 minions
Tim Sackton: both dive from the sickening radiance.
Tim Sackton: and we are back to the top of the order with dealt with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do we have one of those, Captain Amulets? Did we take one of those earlier on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Same thing that we picked up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was, just think.
Mike Sackton: That we did, but I'm not sure.
Tim Sackton: Might.
Tim Sackton: yeah, you tend to be a sort of collecti group. So you probably do have one.
Tim Sackton: It's, you know, stuck within a couch somewhere. I don't think anybody's nobody's wearing.
Mike Sackton: Unfortunately not.
Tim Sackton: But dealt with us up.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I can't really
Mike Sackton: get to Kenzo. Very well.
Mike Sackton: Sort of unfortunate, Kenza. I don't know of how I can help you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And get to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kenzo and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can pull me out.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm I'm I'm weak
Mike Sackton: and unable to pull things.
Tim Sackton: I might be.
Kate Sackton: I'm very good at getting you out if I could get there, but it's not going to be my turn forever.
Kate Sackton: And slow.
Mike Sackton: I can
Mike Sackton: get rid of the guys coming after you. I guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we call them river Bridge? By the way.
Tim Sackton: It's just an action seeker.
Tilly: I.
Tim Sackton: As far as I know, secret's the one who has the.
Tilly: I have an idea.
Mike Sackton: And hold on. How do we all have to be like within 5 feet? How big is the rain? Rainbow Bridge.
Tim Sackton: 10 feet.
Tim Sackton: and you have to step on that 10 foot square.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So getting back towards seeker is actually relatively important. If we're trying to flee here.
Tilly: What how is? How is?
Tilly: How is cancer restraint like, what's the form of restraint?
Tim Sackton: Tentacles are wrapped around his legs.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Abby.
Tilly: What if I poly morphed you into a small fish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Kate Sackton: Could he hold the thing, though?
Kate Sackton: No matter, it would drop and.
Mike Sackton: Oh, your things transform with you!
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but a sma, the tentacles are not
Tim Sackton: They're waving around and like
Tim Sackton: like pulsating around his leg.
Tilly: Yeah. That's that's why I asked.
Tim Sackton: Really be grappled.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I can.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know how much further down in the order I am, but I have enough.
Tim Sackton: And have to get.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To get over Tim.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): maybe to cut free other otherwise help, and then get back again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sounds good.
Tim Sackton: Your next Bobby, and then Milo after you, and then Breuli.
Mike Sackton: So.
Tilly: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Let's see, Brulee, is there.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he's 30 feet up from there, actually.
Tim Sackton: right? So it's a little bit longer range, but not.
Mike Sackton: Probably like 90.
Tim Sackton: Like 90 feet, say.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sleuthsia sorry might not make it back with us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, rich man!
Tim Sackton: To it, just goes back to the celestial plane.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're cool.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Call out!
Mike Sackton: Going.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We. We are on our way out.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm gonna cast
Mike Sackton: some synaptic static.
Mike Sackton: But I don't think I can get
Mike Sackton: brulee. Everybody's scattered. Unfortunately.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. This is an interesting point. You could run over to me.
Mike Sackton: That's what I'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Call the bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: That'll be your action.
Tim Sackton: You're you have the thing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: he.
Eric Rosenbaum: Saying he can come, get it from me.
Tim Sackton: Oh, he could, I guess.
Mike Sackton: So I'm gonna cast. I don't. I'm not gonna bother getting it perfect, because obviously I can hit these 3 guys and nobody else.
Tim Sackton: Okay. I was.
Mike Sackton: Some ethics static hitting those 3 guys.
Tim Sackton: These 3 here.
Mike Sackton: The Minion, and these.
Tim Sackton: Sorry Dad.
Mike Sackton: 2 non-minions.
Tim Sackton: What save is that intelligence?
Mike Sackton: Intelligence, 19.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the minion fails
Tim Sackton: and the
Tim Sackton: none of these guys have good intelligences.
Tim Sackton: Natural 20.
Tim Sackton: He succeeds
Tim Sackton: half damage on success.
Mike Sackton: Half damage! Yep.
Tim Sackton: So that's how much.
Tim Sackton: 5.th
Mike Sackton: 14.
Tim Sackton: Okay? And then, oh, he's got a bad intelligence. He fails. This guy here.
Mike Sackton: 29.
Mike Sackton: And the the guys who fail need to
Mike Sackton: subtract d. 6 from every. All this stuff they do.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so that. And then Dalwith is going to run.
Mike Sackton: And then I'm gonna I'm gonna run back towards Seeker.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tilly: You're gonna be around him to teleport right.
Tim Sackton: Bob is up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): it will be is gonna so let me ask before I go. Is it plausible to help
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like? Can I use my action one way or another to help get
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the.
Tim Sackton: So you can.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Tim Sackton: it's it would be a strength check, though
Tim Sackton: Kenzo could try and escape with a dexterity check. But to help him. There's really no way you can use would just be pulling him free.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about short story tentacles.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I mean, chopping up tentacles. I.
Tim Sackton: You could, you could try chopping up the tentacles.
Tilly: Mom.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Squat nim from squat, nimble side advantage to escape from being grappled. Would that be applicable, and helping.
Tim Sackton: That's only for you to escape. That's your your nimbleness. It's not to help somebody else escape.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): How about I?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I quickly checked my pockets.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If I happen to have the amulet from the captain.
Tim Sackton: Rola, Rola.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's lucky.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What a d 5! And if it's a 1 i've got.
Tim Sackton: No, I was gonna say, role d 4, and if it's even you got it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Nope! You don't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Okay. Okay. Okay,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): is there.
Tilly: Her mom moved it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): To steal the amulet off the off the other guy's neck.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're talking.
Tim Sackton: You certainly could try.
Tim Sackton: I mean, that's gonna be like a
Tim Sackton: slate of hand contested check.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, if that's an action, would putting it on
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): be another.
Tim Sackton: That's part of the same action.
Tim Sackton: If you succeed, you can put it on.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like that's epic. Let's give this a shot. Alright.
Tim Sackton: I don't sort of.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Over
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): yes.
Mike Sackton: Like I do, failed the synthetic, static.
Tim Sackton: No, it's this guy who found synaptic static. They both have a. They both have ambulance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm
Mike Sackton: I can have the move to to get to there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, shit! It's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): light of hand, huh?
Kate Sackton: Having enough move.
Tim Sackton: You're not proficient, so you don't get
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. I don't love that.
Tim Sackton: Still plus 5. He's probably not great with Dax.
Mike Sackton: Well, if you can go after the one who has some ethics static, he has a.
Tim Sackton: This one has to subtract to D. 6. He's muddled and confused.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright. Let me just quickly check my distances. Yeah, okay, I'm going after him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna use my clockwork amulet to roll a 10 plus 5. 1st light of hand is 15.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so he's
Tim Sackton: oops. Where is this step block here?
Tim Sackton: he's got a plus 0 decks and no proficiency. So it's gonna be one d. 20
Tim Sackton: minus one d. 6.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ho!
Tim Sackton: That's 15.
Mike Sackton: Tie, who wins ties in contested checks.
Tim Sackton: Ties, nothing changes.
Tim Sackton: So the operation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Inspiration, inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: In Scanlan.
Tim Sackton: Fire. That's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank God!
Tim Sackton: Means well, be automatically succeeds. Cause.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My God! Dude inspiration and fucking mood.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perfect.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): All right. I swim over. I snatch it off from around his neck without even slowing down.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no initially failing, and it's jerking. And then you look at sequence.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Rock.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Here's like, here's like.
Tim Sackton: No no no other neck.
Eric Rosenbaum: I miss it with the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hand, and I grab it with the second hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Keep going
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): dodging around the edge of the sickening radiance. And the other guy who's right there
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): toss it onto your neck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and I.
Tim Sackton: Okay, both of you make a dexterity check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God!
Tim Sackton: DC. 15. One of you has to succeed, otherwise it falls on the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or
Eric Rosenbaum: has it been.
Mike Sackton: Antigone has a isn't he the one who failed us? The
Tim Sackton: No, no, this is, he's throwing it onto Ken.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, Tim, the guy.
Mike Sackton: this guy.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: As disadvantage on his ability. Checks, did he? Hit? Didn't he take damage from the
Mike Sackton: ticketing Radians.
Tim Sackton: This one here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Did he?
Tim Sackton: I don't remember. Anyway, it doesn't matter. I mean.
Tim Sackton: I just.
Mike Sackton: Thinking? No, but then he could use his inspiration.
Mike Sackton: I I've tried to. I've tried to retcon in case he needs his inspiration to save.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's why.
Tim Sackton: Why doesn't Kenza roll 1st and see what happens?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I miss this. It's it's excellent. Is that big? If we miss this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, I got it. 25, thanks.
Tim Sackton: Got that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a large.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Tim Sackton: Thinker tosses it, and it just goes flying wild, and Kenzo, despite being restrained, just gets his arm up and loops the amulet around his arm and slips it on his hand.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: the tentacles part.
Tim Sackton: and as that happens.
Tim Sackton: a whirlpool appears in front of you.
Tim Sackton: and Brewly teleports
Tim Sackton: to right next to you.
Tim Sackton: That's gonna aim. Bobby's turn
Tim Sackton: right. Are you done done well, being anything else.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I ended up, back where I started, more or less.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Milo.
Kate Sackton: I just ask, I really need to ask, why are why are we all assuming that seekers gonna stay
Kate Sackton: super super? Far from all of the apps.
Mike Sackton: Can only move 15 feet.
Kate Sackton: Well, couldn't he do that? And then Rainbow Bridge actually maybe reach the Rainbow Bridge. I'm very worried.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: We'll reach them.
Tilly: If he starts here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): If you.
Tilly: He moves to here.
Kate Sackton: All going further from me, so that you can leave me behind. Could you please
Kate Sackton: try to end up in front of Jersey.
Mike Sackton: Rainbow Bridge can be. It's a 10 by it's a 10 by 10.
Tim Sackton: It's a 10 by 10 square.
Tim Sackton: maybe.
Mike Sackton: This square. It can be
Mike Sackton: that. I don't know why this is being weird, but it but.
Tim Sackton: We get the point. It's like this square here, these 4 squares.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Hi, Grady.
Kate Sackton: Way back behind. Deal with right now. So.
Tim Sackton: But he's my one.
Tilly: Didn't move up.
Tim Sackton: That's a good point, though. Don't leave risen behind my looks. And he's basically like
Tim Sackton: looking for guidance, do I? Is it time.
Tilly: Yeah, what?
Mike Sackton: Like run towards us. I'm gonna move.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tilly: Yeah, I'll like gesture over.
Tim Sackton: He's gonna dash to get to right next to risin
Tim Sackton: and then just be ready to move. Hold. You can actually hold an action to dash as soon as the bridge appears.
Tim Sackton: It is now Baruli's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Actually he will. He's sorry I misplaced
Tim Sackton: not quite where he was.
Tim Sackton: He is. Gonna he's right here next to that tentacle.
Tim Sackton: and he's going to look at Kenzo
Tim Sackton: with just utter rage in his eyes.
Tim Sackton: and.
Mike Sackton: Is he casting a spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Announces on evil ways.
Kate Sackton: Of the.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is it? Hug.
Mike Sackton: If he's casting a spell, I'm gonna cast counter spell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The offering. Just let us.
Tilly: Probably
Tilly: seems very likely.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: roll your roll, your ability check.
Mike Sackton: Counterspell is.
Tilly: It's too high, level.
Tim Sackton: Too high level.
Tilly: Probably what that means.
Tilly: So you gotta roll a check.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I've never had a counter spell. Go on.
Mike Sackton: inspir, I know we don't have. So the inspiration matters.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Whether or not seeker Staws inspiration would have mattered here.
Mike Sackton: No, I won't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Even if things go terribly wrong, we're in great shape for it.
Tim Sackton: He points his finger at Kenzo
Tim Sackton: and yells.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Give it to me, or die.
Tilly: Well,
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Tilly: What is it?
Tilly: Give them like some.
Tim Sackton: Yay!
Tilly: Give them like something else.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Pens are.
Tim Sackton: Make a constitution saving, throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean what you what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like you all like.
Tilly: Possums.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kensers.
Tilly: Sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 22.
Tim Sackton: You take 32 points of necrotic damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: That feels not actually that bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A.
Tim Sackton: And then these 2 tent, these 2, like tentacle blobs, move approaching. You and both are going to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Now it's the hug.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Teleport me, is it? Teleport? Misty stuff.
Tim Sackton: Nope, they're both attacking you.
Tim Sackton: That's a
Tim Sackton: 24.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That hits.
Tim Sackton: And that does 14 points of cold damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Boy!
Tim Sackton: And that's a 17.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That misses.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: that is going to.
Tim Sackton: And his turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I have 26 points! Y'all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You're in. You're in good shape.
Tim Sackton: Seekers out.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's.
Tim Sackton: And then Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: I. I believe my role here is to activate the
Eric Rosenbaum: use the planar prism to activate the Rainbow Bridge.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Role involved in this. I thought, it just doesn't just automatically happen because we're so good at things.
Eric Rosenbaum: I meant.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it automatically happens when it takes your action.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just met my job.
Mike Sackton: His role, his job. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: So what is what is my total move?
Tim Sackton: 20 feet. If you're on the ground 15 feet, if you try and swim.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the the Rainbow Bridge is gonna be just in my location.
Mike Sackton: It's a 10 foot square.
Tim Sackton: There's a 10 foot square that you can.
Tim Sackton: It's a 10 foot square within.
Tim Sackton: But you know, next anywhere next to you
Tim Sackton: like up.
Mike Sackton: 2 from there would be perfect.
Tim Sackton: Right there.
Mike Sackton: Yep. So that's.
Tim Sackton: To move to there. And that's fine. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's reasonable.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like it.
Tim Sackton: Rainbow Bridge appears.
Eric Rosenbaum: And Aisha, what's going on? Everybody?
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's get out of here.
Mike Sackton: You
Mike Sackton: should, I think, go right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, a nice step on it. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: okay, briefly, that's the way.
Tim Sackton: Bridge and vanishes suddenly, hit by a wave of heat. As you appear.
Tim Sackton: we'll get to that.
Eric Rosenbaum: God, what.
Tim Sackton: Depends on.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Jeez.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna.
Eric Rosenbaum: But 3, and.
Mike Sackton: Door. Somebody should shout to the door for all the half ones to come through.
Tim Sackton: So Mila already has. Yes.
Tim Sackton: they'll go until his turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do all all the things and get to the bridge.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, cause I can. I can like, swim over people and stuff right? Cause this is 3D.
Tim Sackton: Yup. You can.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was a.
Mike Sackton: Train out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Up. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'll I'll I'll swim straight up and then diagonally down to the thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see. Up
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you figure some opportunity attacks, though, from the tentacles.
Tim Sackton: Remember that if you spend a key you can bonus action, disengage.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Disengage that can. Yes, I'll do all the disengaging
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Max Monday.
Tim Sackton: Andesh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's that?
Tim Sackton: You gonna vanish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo vanishes.
Tim Sackton: Up and gone to the Rainbow bridge that ends Kenza's turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God! Thank goodness!
Tim Sackton: Eased to
Tim Sackton: or no. Those are meaning group.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Snatch and grab, worked.
Tilly: Wow!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What works for you.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Tilly: You talking about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll get about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you. Now, guys.
Tim Sackton: It's a it's a.
Kate Sackton: Alright. Well.
Kate Sackton: I am.
Kate Sackton: I'm very well positioned to step on the Rainbow Bridge, but I might as well throw off parting shot before I go right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So
Kate Sackton: I am going to.
Tim Sackton: Sneaker's gone, too, right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I think there's not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The only problem here is if we need something in this room to open up that conch shell
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that'd be problematic.
Tim Sackton: Well, you don't have to. You can leave the Rainbow Bridge up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: True!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know if I'm good.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think we want to do that.
Mike Sackton: They could follow us.
Tim Sackton: True.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if we need something in this room or dimension to open to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, release the conscious.
Kate Sackton: We have lots of magic. We will smash that super talk, show
Kate Sackton: all the ways.
Tim Sackton: Let let's keep going, cause it's 1145.
Kate Sackton: Yeah,
Kate Sackton: I just
Kate Sackton: blast a
Kate Sackton: Wait the
Kate Sackton: what?
Mike Sackton: Nothing. I forgot that. I know he probably missed. He stepped, or something, he teleported. He has.
Tim Sackton: California.
Kate Sackton: I blast a sacred flame at early as I'm leaving.
Mike Sackton: Wait if he teleported, how could he cast another level spell?
Mike Sackton: Never mind, doesn't matter.
Kate Sackton: It's fine.
Tim Sackton: And what
Tim Sackton: he used a legendary action to teleplay.
Mike Sackton: That.
Tim Sackton: Via Whirlpool on the
Tim Sackton: but right before the beginning of his term.
Tim Sackton: Alright!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Can I ask Tim? Sorry to interrupt like now that the hand is not there, just like the dimension, start to collapse, or something bad happening? Yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: No, the only thing you wouldn't notice it here. The dimension wouldn't cloud portal.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The portal, but.
Tim Sackton: Womey would collapse, which is very far away from you. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Very good.
Tim Sackton: And Kenza somehow has the intuition that the jade has to be
Tim Sackton: separated from this shell before anything happens.
Tim Sackton: So let's keep moving. Let's keep it moving, though. Brisbane.
Kate Sackton: Sacred flame.
Tim Sackton: Early.
Kate Sackton: Brilliant
Kate Sackton: decks, saving throw, or whatever.
Tim Sackton: Bad attacks.
Tim Sackton: he fails.
Kate Sackton: Little radiant damage his way. 18.
Kate Sackton: And then I move into the Rainbow Bridge.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Rizwan vanishes.
Tim Sackton: That brings up
Tim Sackton: Tilly.
Tim Sackton: So the Murph, the All the halfling sharks
Tim Sackton: act until he's turned and swim. You see all 13 of them. Boom! Boom! Boom! Vanishing on the rainbow bridge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And bridge.
Tilly: Okay, I'm gonna
Tilly: go with a
Tilly: 6 level
Tilly: summon Draconic spirit, just like, right in front of the thing.
Tilly: Just some of the massive guy just trying.
Tilly: It's not gonna I'm not gonna have commands
Tilly: for it. Once it
Tilly: once I teleport through the portal, so I'm just going to try and say, keep
Tilly: as many more folk from entering the portal as you can.
Tilly: and then I'm gonna go in.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tilly: So there's a big dragon
Tilly: in the room now.
Tilly: but.
Kate Sackton: Brisbane also sent a telepathic farewell to her.
Kate Sackton: yeah, you can pull up what they not mean.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: distract people!
Tim Sackton: Till he goes through.
Tim Sackton: These minions
Tim Sackton: dash towards Milo, but there's nothing much they can do, because they dash
Tim Sackton: up.
Tim Sackton: Let's see this guy 1, 2
Tim Sackton: steps on the Rainbow Bridge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah! Oh, me!
Tilly: Get my dragon, get a get an attack.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, your dragon gets an opportunity attack.
Tilly: Well cause it also cause it didn't take an action. Can I just say it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it can attack.
Tilly: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Wait. I'm in Memphis also high.
Tilly: Okay, I'm gonna roll.
Tilly: It's a
Tilly: oh, that's not pretty. That's not that good
Tilly: 3
Tilly: plus
Tilly: 9. So 12.
Tim Sackton: That misses.
Tilly: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: This this guy's gonna
Tim Sackton: run up and stab at Milo, who will take a bit of damage.
Tim Sackton: That brings us back to the
Tim Sackton: top
Tim Sackton: to gal with.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm gonna take one step closer here so that I'm in range
Mike Sackton: 2 steps closer. So I'm in range to him, to this Guy to Barulli. I'm going to mark of the hunter him
Mike Sackton: I'm going to blast him with 3 algae blasts, and I'm going to step on the bridge.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: that hits.
Mike Sackton: So that's plus 5 extra damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: that hits.
Mike Sackton: Also plus 5 extra damage.
Mike Sackton: also plus 5 extra damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Man dealt with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Though, and then I'm gone.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Dallas has been awesome.
Mike Sackton: Take the image.
Tim Sackton: I got it. Yup Dallas is gone
Tim Sackton: after dow with his
Tim Sackton: Dall's turn as the round begins Milo, and
Tim Sackton: well be the only ones left.
Tim Sackton: A
Tim Sackton: explosion. Explosion of
Tim Sackton: geysers burst all around the room. Both of you need to make dexterity.
Tim Sackton: Saving throws.
Tim Sackton: Milo takes no damage.
Tim Sackton: Well, we take 17 damage, fire, fire, damage as this
Tim Sackton: whirling
Tim Sackton: blasts of fires spin, and then the what the hot water collects around perul that's now like this whirling shell of water around him as he begins to run and yell towards you as
Tim Sackton: Milo and
Tim Sackton: well be, I assume, both step onto the Rainbow Bridge.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. But before I do
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): oh, fuck not, excuse me, I can't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can't sneak, attack and move. Okay, yeah, I'll move.
Mike Sackton: You could still shoot him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. But I'm gonna do a kind of strike knockout.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And I need a sneak attack for that. So I'm not gonna do that.
Mike Sackton: Do you actually have to move to?
Mike Sackton: You! You have to step on the bridge. Not just touch it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you have to step on the bridge.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): all right, we're out.
Mike Sackton: Wait. There's an ally right next to him.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I thought Brewer was better.
Tim Sackton: I know this is Burley here.
Mike Sackton: Totally summon.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, it's just dragon.
Tilly: It's I think it's only large. I don't think it would be.
Mike Sackton: No, it's an ally.
Tilly: Yeah, but I don't think you're.
Tim Sackton: Big enough to be next to the.
Tilly: Yeah, I think it's only it's I think it's like in in like these 4 tiles.
Mike Sackton: It's I thought you summoned it right in front of Brewley.
Tilly: No, I was. I was trying to get it to guard the.
Mike Sackton: A, a, a. Okay, okay, never mind.
Eric Rosenbaum: That makes sense.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, no, I'll step through and see what's on the other side.
Tim Sackton: Oops. That's too big. Yeah.
Tilly: Yeah, it's
Tilly: yeah. It's like, in, yeah, it's like over there.
Mike Sackton: Air.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could try and kill this guy if you wanted to.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sure, I'll attack and try and knock him out.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're probably gonna kill them if you hit them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As an attack.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sorry
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): damage!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright cool! And then I'll step through.
Tim Sackton: I mean he doesn't have that many hit points left, so he's dead, and Miles is going to take out these 2 minions
Tim Sackton: before he steps onto the bridge.
Tim Sackton: Now you are all on the bridge. It is
Tim Sackton: bruise. Turn before secret gets another action.
Tim Sackton: and he is going to charge after you.
Tim Sackton: and step on the bridge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's exciting!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's exactly what did happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Damn it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ours is great. Wait.
Mike Sackton: Doesn't the
Mike Sackton: dragon at least get an attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The dragon gets an attack.
Tilly: So normally what it's breath weapon is one of its attacks, I think, cause it can make it
Tilly: for free as part of its multi-attack.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tilly: And it doesn't have a recharge.
Tilly: So I'm going to have it.
Tilly: Just breath weapon everyone. Actually. No, I'll just attack. It doesn't matter.
Tilly: I'll just attack. It's easier.
Tilly: It's plus 9. So I'm sure that hits.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Tilly: And then it does d 6 plus 10.
Tilly: So it's gonna be 13.
Tilly: Damage.
Tim Sackton: Our Guy
Tim Sackton: Brulee. So Baruli stumbles out.
Tim Sackton: Now standing
Tim Sackton: like water dripping off of him
Tim Sackton: on the hot desert surface of Vindhasharna, hovering above the orchest city of Uzbekar
Tim Sackton: in the
Tim Sackton: pre-dawn light. So I guess it's actually not hot yet, because the sun is just barely up.
Tim Sackton: Almond
Tim Sackton: ketra and Amal are are standing
Tim Sackton: keeping watch.
Tim Sackton: You hear a whoop from from Fodrick as
Tim Sackton: everybody storms through, and suddenly
Tim Sackton: nobody really communicated with him. An ice shield appears around the ship, encasing it with a globe of ice.
Tim Sackton: and he says, who he yells, who should I hit now?
Mike Sackton: Really.
Tim Sackton: Turns around.
Tim Sackton: fires the icicle turret.
Tim Sackton: blam, blam, blam.
Tim Sackton: blam 4 shots.
Tim Sackton: really staggers back as the
Tim Sackton: suffocating.
Tim Sackton: halfling sharks desperately look around for.
Eric Rosenbaum: A river.
Tim Sackton: And chugged into. Did I?
Tilly: Asked.
Tilly: I think water breathing could be upcast.
Mike Sackton: Affects 10 people. Oh, you need 13. It can't be upcast.
Tilly: Could, could, could water breathing, work
Tilly: and the situation cause it's like the opposite, or is that just no.
Tim Sackton: No, sure! Why not?
Tilly: And then I'll then I'll cast water breathing.
Tim Sackton: Guy.
Kate Sackton: Okay, can I rapidly cast things because there's no order anymore? Is there.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead!
Kate Sackton: And alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And or is really just like
Tim Sackton: Really staggers back from the
Tim Sackton: from the
Tim Sackton: ice turret, and you can all do things you can.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna draw narcle, and just
Mike Sackton: I'm still mark of the 100 on him. I'm gonna try and kill him.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: More like like capture them, or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he like useful in any way?
Kate Sackton: Want to put him in the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can totally put them in the mirror.
Tim Sackton: I think you're at that's you can't really.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, no, I'll I'll say she has. She has teleport.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you can just teleport out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's kill him!
Mike Sackton: Well, he might not have teleport, but he could probably escape. Anyway, I'm attacking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright! Let's check.
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Kate Sackton: I just smell magic on 2 of the unaffected happens, cause.
Eric Rosenbaum: Finding stones here.
Kate Sackton: 2 of them right or of 10 of them, right? So there's 2 more.
Kate Sackton: and there's 3 more, 2 of them
Kate Sackton: with my last 2, 3, love, 3rd level spell, slots.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so there's only one suffocating.
Tim Sackton: Wow, I don't.
Mike Sackton: Lot of damage
Mike Sackton: all done.
Mike Sackton: 6.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we not near a body of water.
Tim Sackton: Well you are, except the ship is surrounded by an ice shield. Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, right!
Kate Sackton: Do we have.
Eric Rosenbaum: Killed the man.
Kate Sackton: Some water. I just shout for water.
Kate Sackton: and I shape water around that per that one's gills.
Tim Sackton: Okay, really staggers back with narcos
Tim Sackton: slashes like
Tim Sackton: falling back with each strike, until, when the
Tim Sackton: hits him, he falls on the ground dead.
Tilly: Nice.
Kate Sackton: There's 1 shark person with a shape water helmet.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna say, I could do. Shapewater, too, is.
Kate Sackton: I got the well, I think between Tilly and I we got everybody.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So you've got everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's like those frameless glasses. It's the water helmet without the helmet. It's perfect.
Tim Sackton: Over the next few minutes you manage to
Tim Sackton: get the
Tim Sackton: ice shield down
Tim Sackton: calm, fall, drift down a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Tell them everything's okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you did. Great. He did like 40 damage on Burui with the ice shard.
Tim Sackton: forgot what to finish off and then
Tim Sackton: dispel the shield and get the sharks into the river.
Kate Sackton: We don't make.
Tim Sackton: Well, 11 of them are sharks. The ones you dispeled are not sharks anymore.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: But one of them has a water helmet, and
Tim Sackton: 10 of them are water breathing. In the meantime Kenzo turns to look at the jade.
Tim Sackton: And now out of the water, as the shell begins to dry, it almost looks like it shrinks a little bit, and you can actually see
Tim Sackton: It doesn't take
Tim Sackton: it. It actually doesn't take much to
Tim Sackton: like. The shell is not
Tim Sackton: off the plane of water. There's nothing particularly special about it like you could probably just smash it with your staff. As far as you can tell.
Tim Sackton: Marriott.
Tilly: Hey? I'm gonna go now.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Good night, Isaac!
Tim Sackton: Good night, Isaac!
Mike Sackton: Don't wake up exactly when you go to bed.
Tilly: I'll
Tilly: try my very, very best. I've already brushed my teeth and everything, so I should.
Tim Sackton: So do you smash the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do?
Eric Rosenbaum: I agree.
Mike Sackton: And so smash and
Mike Sackton: quick it together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you smash the shell and it falls apart. And there's actually 2 things inside the shell.
Tim Sackton: There's the jade. And then there's this
Tim Sackton: piece of metal
Tim Sackton: like shaped sort of like
Tim Sackton: twirling wave of water that's humming with a strange frequency. That seeker you recognize as.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Residents of the Plain of Water.
Tim Sackton: Now
Tim Sackton: you possess something that would allow you to use the Rainbow Bridge to teleport to the plane of water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, amazing!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Blue.
Mike Sackton: Wait. We also have another plane, right? The plane of.
Tim Sackton: Air.
Tim Sackton: You got one from the elemental forge. It was air, it was air, I believe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we create like a like a hamster wheel tunnel that goes between mobile? So it's just like a series of doors. You can just run in like a a circle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do all the planes.
Tim Sackton: So cause it works with the Rainbow Bridge, so you can only do one at a time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And more rainbow bridges then, and then we connect them all into a rainbow tunnel.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, through all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All of the elemental plans.
Tim Sackton: Meanwhile, let's do the jade so we can wrap up for tonight.
Tim Sackton: So as you.
Tim Sackton: as you take the 4th piece of jade and
Tim Sackton: put it on your staff, it fuses together, and
Tim Sackton: again, like what happened before you are all
Tim Sackton: caught
Tim Sackton: in a vision.
Tim Sackton: This is much more detail than the past flashes you've had of the jade. It seems like
Tim Sackton: with 4 of the 5 pieces together. The
Tim Sackton: the hand wants to be complete, and it's
Tim Sackton: the other. The final piece is now calling out to you.
Tim Sackton: you. The 1st thing you notice the 1st thing you feel
Tim Sackton: is the heat of the jungle.
Tim Sackton: though
Tim Sackton: humidity and rain of some somewhere deep in a.
Tim Sackton: in a jungle.
Tim Sackton: and then you you feel the heat.
Tim Sackton: You feel the
Tim Sackton: fire almost
Tim Sackton: of the sun beating down.
Tim Sackton: and you feel as if you are
Tim Sackton: lifted somehow, flying, soaring. And you see a vision of flying above this jungle.
Tim Sackton: And what you see is there's a there's like a plateau. There's a cliff
Tim Sackton: waterfall cascading down off the cliff into this coastal plain of a jungle below.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: in the side of the cliff
Tim Sackton: there is
Tim Sackton: a cave.
Tim Sackton: a massive cave carved.
Tim Sackton: and you feel yourself pulled into the cliff.
Tim Sackton: swirling into it
Tim Sackton: massive open space.
Tim Sackton: Hold through to this
Tim Sackton: great cavern, looking up at the sky.
Tim Sackton: the heat of the sun beating down on it.
Tim Sackton: and you feel
Tim Sackton: complete.
Tim Sackton: This is where the last jade lies
Tim Sackton: inside this
Tim Sackton: cave.
Tim Sackton: sitting above the jungles of Drankar.
Tim Sackton: on the desert, on the edge of the desert plateau.
Tim Sackton: not so far south of where you are now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: what you feel in this vision is that the J. Did not get to this cave by itself.
Tim Sackton: It was carried by something flying
Tim Sackton: something uninterested in in its magic, perhaps.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: it's not just sitting there for the taking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is Dimitar in the vision.
Tim Sackton: Invitar is not in the vision.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He flies kind of.
Tim Sackton: Does
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: we will end, I think, there.
Tim Sackton: with a clear sense now of where the last piece is. But probably next session will be some downtime and planning with the Orcs
Tim Sackton: and a bunch of news from the outside world.
Tim Sackton: As the clock ticks down to 18 days, Tillapolian is freed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plenty of time.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: your doppelgangers are running loose across the world, as far as you know.
Tim Sackton: charting and Dunbar
Tim Sackton: about to go to war.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: somewhere in a village
Tim Sackton: a little boy picks up a stone and says.
Tim Sackton: Benji, I'm scared.
Tim Sackton: The soldiers came through today and they're recruiting.
Tim Sackton: My mom convinced them I was too young.
Tim Sackton: but 3 of my cousins were taken for the Legion.
Tim Sackton: Can you do something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We still have that other standing stone.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you still have it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Angie.
Tim Sackton: So we'll stop there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. So after we get we're like, are we like, I mean, like, does Polly on get to get out at any point? Feels like he should get out right, so we can like bite him when he's out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If the whole thing is just to like stop them from getting out like, you know, and that kind of like a little like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, we should like get to, like, you know. Let him
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: go and do some stuff right like let them.
Tim Sackton: More powerful if he gets out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Isn't it more fun to beat him when he's more powerful, though.
Tim Sackton: Is it?
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: it's up to you, I guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: He does. I mean he's quite powerful when he's in. It's not like weak in his little
Tim Sackton: tome. He's living inside the tomb that he constructed for himself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's fair.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I'm not gonna stop you. If you decide, let's go do something else and let them get free and see what happens. But
Tim Sackton: everything
Tim Sackton: I see his dreams suggest. That's probably not the best idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright! Alright! Alright! We'll do the thing. We'll be responsible.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so goodnight. Everybody.
Mike Sackton: Nate.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. See, you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, can you resend that invite? I don't think I got it for tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, I will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. See you tomorrow.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See you guys soon.